,Heading,Guide,Coordinates,Page_num,head_guide,head_guide1,head_guide_test,head_guide_test1
0,"""Download Error"""," Friday, March 16, 2018 10:32 AM Copy the AdobeCreativeCloudCleanerTool to C:\Temp: \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_NonLicense\Adobe Creative Cloud\ Run the tool as administrator, select E for english (press enter), Y for yes on license agreement  (enter), remove “Creative Cloud Only” which I believe is option 6.  Press Y to confirm. It will take about 1 minute but it will remove JUST the creative cloud application  manager.  Now add the machine to the Adobe Application Manager CC 2018 in SCCM and run the action scripts  in Configuration Manager on the local machine to force installation. Once done, have the user login  and it should load Apps tab successfully.  If the above fix still does not allow user to download Adobe CC software in the Apps tab, you can  push through SCCM (i.e. Photoshop 2018 CC). The installation status might show up as failed but the  software is usually installed.    ","[72, 0, 165, 751]",[472],"""Download Error"" ""Download Error"" ""Download Error"" ""Download Error"" ""Download Error"" ""Download Error"" ""Download Error"" ""Download Error"" ""Download Error"" ""Download Error""   Friday, March 16, 2018 10:32 AM Copy the AdobeCreativeCloudCleanerTool to C:\Temp: \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_NonLicense\Adobe Creative Cloud\ Run the tool as administrator, select E for english (press enter), Y for yes on license agreement  (enter), remove “Creative Cloud Only” which I believe is option 6.  Press Y to confirm. It will take about 1 minute but it will remove JUST the creative cloud application  manager.  Now add the machine to the Adobe Application Manager CC 2018 in SCCM and run the action scripts  in Configuration Manager on the local machine to force installation. Once done, have the user login  and it should load Apps tab successfully.  If the above fix still does not allow user to download Adobe CC software in the Apps tab, you can  push through SCCM (i.e. Photoshop 2018 CC). The installation status might show up as failed but the  software is usually installed.    ","""download error"" ""download error"" ""download error"" ""download error"" ""download error"" ""download error"" ""download error"" ""download error"" ""download error"" ""download error"" friday, march 16, 2018 10:32 copy adobecreativecloudcleanertool c:\temp: \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_nonlicense\adobe creative cloud\ run tool administrator, select e english (press enter), yes license agreement (enter), remove “creative cloud only” believe option 6. press confirm. take 1 minute remove creative cloud application manager. add machine adobe application manager cc 2018 sccm run action script configuration manager local machine force installation. done, user login load apps tab successfully. fix still allow user download adobe cc software apps tab, push sccm (i.e. photoshop 2018 cc). installation status might show fail software usually installed.","""Download Error"" ""Download Error""   Friday, March 16, 2018 10:32 AM Copy the AdobeCreativeCloudCleanerTool to C:\Temp: \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_NonLicense\Adobe Creative Cloud\ Run the tool as administrator, select E for english (press enter), Y for yes on license agreement  (enter), remove “Creative Cloud Only” which I believe is option 6.  Press Y to confirm. It will take about 1 minute but it will remove JUST the creative cloud application  manager.  Now add the machine to the Adobe Application Manager CC 2018 in SCCM and run the action scripts  in Configuration Manager on the local machine to force installation. Once done, have the user login  and it should load Apps tab successfully.  If the above fix still does not allow user to download Adobe CC software in the Apps tab, you can  push through SCCM (i.e. Photoshop 2018 CC). The installation status might show up as failed but the  software is usually installed.    ","""download error"" ""download error"" friday, march 16, 2018 10:32 copy adobecreativecloudcleanertool c:\temp: \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_nonlicense\adobe creative cloud\ run tool administrator, select e english (press enter), yes license agreement (enter), remove “creative cloud only” believe option 6. press confirm. take 1 minute remove creative cloud application manager. add machine adobe application manager cc 2018 sccm run action script configuration manager local machine force installation. done, user login load apps tab successfully. fix still allow user download adobe cc software apps tab, push sccm (i.e. photoshop 2018 cc). installation status might show fail software usually installed."
1,"""MobileIron iOS App Multi-Tasking Is Disabled"" error "," Monday, September 21, 2015 9:55 AM This one took a few minutes to resolve so in order to save anyone else some time here is what you'll see in the  MobileIron control panel; The warning is; MobileIron: Users and Devices MobileIron iOS App Multitasking is Disabled Verify Location Services is enabled on the device for the MobileIron app by going to Settings | Location Services,  then launch the MobileIron app once. If you have email notifications for your users turned on they'll have received a similar email message in their local  language. Unfortunately if you've been an iOS for quite some time the title of the message will confuse you - you can't  switch off Multitasking anymore.  The issue is, basically, that the MobileIron applicaiton cannot access Location Services. This will either be  because Location Services has been compeltely turned off on the device or that the MobileIron application has  been specifically denied access to it. The first step to resolving it is to open the ""Settings"" application; iOS7: Settings Application Touch the ""Privacy"" item on the left (at the bottom of the ""General"" group;      iOS7: Settings > Privacy In this page you'll have details of how much information you are sharing. Touch ""Location Services"" at the top; iOS7: Settings > Privacy > Location Services As you can see from this screen shot MobileIron is explicitly denied access to Location Services. If you switch  this back to green then the warning will go away.    ","[72, 0, 72, 713]","[61, 62]","""MobileIron iOS App Multi-Tasking Is Disabled"" error  ""MobileIron iOS App Multi-Tasking Is Disabled"" error  ""MobileIron iOS App Multi-Tasking Is Disabled"" error  ""MobileIron iOS App Multi-Tasking Is Disabled"" error  ""MobileIron iOS App Multi-Tasking Is Disabled"" error  ""MobileIron iOS App Multi-Tasking Is Disabled"" error  ""MobileIron iOS App Multi-Tasking Is Disabled"" error  ""MobileIron iOS App Multi-Tasking Is Disabled"" error  ""MobileIron iOS App Multi-Tasking Is Disabled"" error  ""MobileIron iOS App Multi-Tasking Is Disabled"" error    Monday, September 21, 2015 9:55 AM This one took a few minutes to resolve so in order to save anyone else some time here is what you'll see in the  MobileIron control panel; The warning is; MobileIron: Users and Devices MobileIron iOS App Multitasking is Disabled Verify Location Services is enabled on the device for the MobileIron app by going to Settings | Location Services,  then launch the MobileIron app once. If you have email notifications for your users turned on they'll have received a similar email message in their local  language. Unfortunately if you've been an iOS for quite some time the title of the message will confuse you - you can't  switch off Multitasking anymore.  The issue is, basically, that the MobileIron applicaiton cannot access Location Services. This will either be  because Location Services has been compeltely turned off on the device or that the MobileIron application has  been specifically denied access to it. The first step to resolving it is to open the ""Settings"" application; iOS7: Settings Application Touch the ""Privacy"" item on the left (at the bottom of the ""General"" group;      iOS7: Settings > Privacy In this page you'll have details of how much information you are sharing. Touch ""Location Services"" at the top; iOS7: Settings > Privacy > Location Services As you can see from this screen shot MobileIron is explicitly denied access to Location Services. If you switch  this back to green then the warning will go away.    ","""mobileiron ios app multi-tasking disabled"" error ""mobileiron ios app multi-tasking disabled"" error ""mobileiron ios app multi-tasking disabled"" error ""mobileiron ios app multi-tasking disabled"" error ""mobileiron ios app multi-tasking disabled"" error ""mobileiron ios app multi-tasking disabled"" error ""mobileiron ios app multi-tasking disabled"" error ""mobileiron ios app multi-tasking disabled"" error ""mobileiron ios app multi-tasking disabled"" error ""mobileiron ios app multi-tasking disabled"" error monday, september 21, 2015 9:55 one take minutes resolve order save anyone else time see mobileiron control panel; warn is; mobileiron: users devices mobileiron ios app multitasking disable verify location service enable device mobileiron app go settings | location services, launch mobileiron app once. email notifications users turn they'll receive similar email message local language. unfortunately ios quite time title message confuse - can't switch multitasking anymore. issue is, basically, mobileiron applicaiton cannot access location services. either location service compeltely turn device mobileiron application specifically deny access it. first step resolve open ""settings"" application; ios7: settings application touch ""privacy"" item leave (at bottom ""general"" group; ios7: settings > privacy page detail much information sharing. touch ""location services"" top; ios7: settings > privacy > location service see screen shoot mobileiron explicitly deny access location services. switch back green warn go away.","""MobileIron iOS App Multi-Tasking Is Disabled"" error  ""MobileIron iOS App Multi-Tasking Is Disabled"" error    Monday, September 21, 2015 9:55 AM This one took a few minutes to resolve so in order to save anyone else some time here is what you'll see in the  MobileIron control panel; The warning is; MobileIron: Users and Devices MobileIron iOS App Multitasking is Disabled Verify Location Services is enabled on the device for the MobileIron app by going to Settings | Location Services,  then launch the MobileIron app once. If you have email notifications for your users turned on they'll have received a similar email message in their local  language. Unfortunately if you've been an iOS for quite some time the title of the message will confuse you - you can't  switch off Multitasking anymore.  The issue is, basically, that the MobileIron applicaiton cannot access Location Services. This will either be  because Location Services has been compeltely turned off on the device or that the MobileIron application has  been specifically denied access to it. The first step to resolving it is to open the ""Settings"" application; iOS7: Settings Application Touch the ""Privacy"" item on the left (at the bottom of the ""General"" group;      iOS7: Settings > Privacy In this page you'll have details of how much information you are sharing. Touch ""Location Services"" at the top; iOS7: Settings > Privacy > Location Services As you can see from this screen shot MobileIron is explicitly denied access to Location Services. If you switch  this back to green then the warning will go away.    ","""mobileiron ios app multi-tasking disabled"" error ""mobileiron ios app multi-tasking disabled"" error monday, september 21, 2015 9:55 one take minutes resolve order save anyone else time see mobileiron control panel; warn is; mobileiron: users devices mobileiron ios app multitasking disable verify location service enable device mobileiron app go settings | location services, launch mobileiron app once. email notifications users turn they'll receive similar email message local language. unfortunately ios quite time title message confuse - can't switch multitasking anymore. issue is, basically, mobileiron applicaiton cannot access location services. either location service compeltely turn device mobileiron application specifically deny access it. first step resolve open ""settings"" application; ios7: settings application touch ""privacy"" item leave (at bottom ""general"" group; ios7: settings > privacy page detail much information sharing. touch ""location services"" top; ios7: settings > privacy > location service see screen shoot mobileiron explicitly deny access location services. switch back green warn go away."
2,(aka NEW Checkpoint)," Thursday, April 7, 2016 5:00 PM ARCHIVED - THIS IS  NO LONGER THE PRODUCTION VERSION OF CHECKPOINT AND YOU SHOULD NOT INSTALL THIS  VERSION OF CHECKPOINT ON ANY COMPUTERS WITHOUT SPEAKING TO A DESKTOP ENGINEER FIRST All desktops used by employees that work in the Servicing Department MUST be encrypted, as a requirement from Ally  Bank. Chris has an SCCM deployment setup that installs Checkpoint and encrypts the drive. Please follow the below  steps when setting up Checkpoint on a Desktop Computer for someone who works in the Servicing Department. Open the SCCM Console. Under Assets and Compliance highlight Device Collections and then click on All Systems. In the Search box input the name of the computer you are working on and click Search. Right click the computer account of the computer you are working on in the search results and select Add Selected  Items --> Add Selected Items to Existing Device Collection      In the Select Collection window expand Berkadia Workstations, select Test, and then select Checkpoint Desktop, then  click OK Under Assets and Compliance expand Device Collections --> Berkadia Workstations, and click on Test. Right click the  Checkpoint Desktop collection and select Update Membership.      Click Yes when prompted to re-evaluate the membership rules for the collection. Close the SCCM console. On the target computer login with your ADM account. Launch the Configuration Manager applet in the Control Panel  and click on the Actions tab.      Highlight each action and click Run Now so that the client will perform the evaluations with SCCM.  Open Software Center. The Check Point Endpoint Security Application will install. Reboot once installation has  completed. Once the system reboots login with your ADM account. In the Notification Area click on the Checkpoint icon.      You can watch the status of Checkpoint as it checks in the server and downloads its policies. You want to see it say  Waiting For Restart. A box will appear in the bottom right hand corer of the screen. Click Yes to reboot the computer.    ","[70, 0, 70, 752]","[1223, 1227]","(aka NEW Checkpoint) (aka NEW Checkpoint) (aka NEW Checkpoint) (aka NEW Checkpoint) (aka NEW Checkpoint) (aka NEW Checkpoint) (aka NEW Checkpoint) (aka NEW Checkpoint) (aka NEW Checkpoint) (aka NEW Checkpoint)   Thursday, April 7, 2016 5:00 PM ARCHIVED - THIS IS  NO LONGER THE PRODUCTION VERSION OF CHECKPOINT AND YOU SHOULD NOT INSTALL THIS  VERSION OF CHECKPOINT ON ANY COMPUTERS WITHOUT SPEAKING TO A DESKTOP ENGINEER FIRST All desktops used by employees that work in the Servicing Department MUST be encrypted, as a requirement from Ally  Bank. Chris has an SCCM deployment setup that installs Checkpoint and encrypts the drive. Please follow the below  steps when setting up Checkpoint on a Desktop Computer for someone who works in the Servicing Department. Open the SCCM Console. Under Assets and Compliance highlight Device Collections and then click on All Systems. In the Search box input the name of the computer you are working on and click Search. Right click the computer account of the computer you are working on in the search results and select Add Selected  Items --> Add Selected Items to Existing Device Collection      In the Select Collection window expand Berkadia Workstations, select Test, and then select Checkpoint Desktop, then  click OK Under Assets and Compliance expand Device Collections --> Berkadia Workstations, and click on Test. Right click the  Checkpoint Desktop collection and select Update Membership.      Click Yes when prompted to re-evaluate the membership rules for the collection. Close the SCCM console. On the target computer login with your ADM account. Launch the Configuration Manager applet in the Control Panel  and click on the Actions tab.      Highlight each action and click Run Now so that the client will perform the evaluations with SCCM.  Open Software Center. The Check Point Endpoint Security Application will install. Reboot once installation has  completed. Once the system reboots login with your ADM account. In the Notification Area click on the Checkpoint icon.      You can watch the status of Checkpoint as it checks in the server and downloads its policies. You want to see it say  Waiting For Restart. A box will appear in the bottom right hand corer of the screen. Click Yes to reboot the computer.    ","(aka new checkpoint) (aka new checkpoint) (aka new checkpoint) (aka new checkpoint) (aka new checkpoint) (aka new checkpoint) (aka new checkpoint) (aka new checkpoint) (aka new checkpoint) (aka new checkpoint) thursday, april 7, 2016 5:00 pm archive - longer production version checkpoint install version checkpoint computers without speak desktop engineer first desktops use employees work service department must encrypted, requirement ally bank. chris sccm deployment setup install checkpoint encrypt drive. please follow step set checkpoint desktop computer someone work service department. open sccm console. assets compliance highlight device collections click systems. search box input name computer work click search. right click computer account computer work search result select add select items --> add select items exist device collection select collection window expand berkadia workstations, select test, select checkpoint desktop, click ok assets compliance expand device collections --> berkadia workstations, click test. right click checkpoint desktop collection select update membership. click yes prompt re-evaluate membership rule collection. close sccm console. target computer login adm account. launch configuration manager applet control panel click action tab. highlight action click run client perform evaluations sccm. open software center. check point endpoint security application install. reboot installation completed. system reboot login adm account. notification area click checkpoint icon. watch status checkpoint check server download policies. want see say wait restart. box appear bottom right hand corer screen. click yes reboot computer.","(aka NEW Checkpoint) (aka NEW Checkpoint)   Thursday, April 7, 2016 5:00 PM ARCHIVED - THIS IS  NO LONGER THE PRODUCTION VERSION OF CHECKPOINT AND YOU SHOULD NOT INSTALL THIS  VERSION OF CHECKPOINT ON ANY COMPUTERS WITHOUT SPEAKING TO A DESKTOP ENGINEER FIRST All desktops used by employees that work in the Servicing Department MUST be encrypted, as a requirement from Ally  Bank. Chris has an SCCM deployment setup that installs Checkpoint and encrypts the drive. Please follow the below  steps when setting up Checkpoint on a Desktop Computer for someone who works in the Servicing Department. Open the SCCM Console. Under Assets and Compliance highlight Device Collections and then click on All Systems. In the Search box input the name of the computer you are working on and click Search. Right click the computer account of the computer you are working on in the search results and select Add Selected  Items --> Add Selected Items to Existing Device Collection      In the Select Collection window expand Berkadia Workstations, select Test, and then select Checkpoint Desktop, then  click OK Under Assets and Compliance expand Device Collections --> Berkadia Workstations, and click on Test. Right click the  Checkpoint Desktop collection and select Update Membership.      Click Yes when prompted to re-evaluate the membership rules for the collection. Close the SCCM console. On the target computer login with your ADM account. Launch the Configuration Manager applet in the Control Panel  and click on the Actions tab.      Highlight each action and click Run Now so that the client will perform the evaluations with SCCM.  Open Software Center. The Check Point Endpoint Security Application will install. Reboot once installation has  completed. Once the system reboots login with your ADM account. In the Notification Area click on the Checkpoint icon.      You can watch the status of Checkpoint as it checks in the server and downloads its policies. You want to see it say  Waiting For Restart. A box will appear in the bottom right hand corer of the screen. Click Yes to reboot the computer.    ","(aka new checkpoint) (aka new checkpoint) thursday, april 7, 2016 5:00 pm archive - longer production version checkpoint install version checkpoint computers without speak desktop engineer first desktops use employees work service department must encrypted, requirement ally bank. chris sccm deployment setup install checkpoint encrypt drive. please follow step set checkpoint desktop computer someone work service department. open sccm console. assets compliance highlight device collections click systems. search box input name computer work click search. right click computer account computer work search result select add select items --> add select items exist device collection select collection window expand berkadia workstations, select test, select checkpoint desktop, click ok assets compliance expand device collections --> berkadia workstations, click test. right click checkpoint desktop collection select update membership. click yes prompt re-evaluate membership rule collection. close sccm console. target computer login adm account. launch configuration manager applet control panel click action tab. highlight action click run client perform evaluations sccm. open software center. check point endpoint security application install. reboot installation completed. system reboot login adm account. notification area click checkpoint icon. watch status checkpoint check server download policies. want see say wait restart. box appear bottom right hand corer screen. click yes reboot computer."
3,*Deploying Office 365 using SCCM Management Console," Friday, February 23, 2018 2:56 PM Open SCCM Console. Under Assets and Compliance, highlight Devices and click the Search bar near the top of the window. Enter the hostname of the computer you intend to interact with then click search. Once the search is complete, you will see a list  of any matching computers.  Right click on the computer you intend to deploy Office 365 Client tools to. Move your mouse cursor over “Add Selected Items” ,  then click on “Add Selected Items to Existing Device Collection.” A new window within the SCCM console, ensure “Device Collections” is selected in the upper left -hand corner.  Expand Root->Berkadia Workstations, then click on “Targeted Deployments.” On the right-hand column of this window, you’ll see a list of all available deployments. Scroll down to locate “Microsoft Office  365 Professional Plus”, click to highlight, then click “OK.” For India based workstations or shared resources such as  Conference room PCs,  choose ""Microsoft Office 365 Professional Plus - Shared instead."" *NOTE* Although additional software titles are available, many require licensing and should not be installed  without explicit approval. The smaller window should now disappear, and you should be back on the same search page where you started under  Assets and Compliance. At this point, you should look to the left-hand column of the console, expand Device Collections->Berkadia Workstations,  then click on “Targeted Deployments.” On the right-hand column, scroll down and locate “Microsoft Office 365 Professional Plus”  or ""Microsoft Office 365 Professional Plus - Shared"" depending on office location (see text above in  red).  Right click this item and  select “Update Membership.” Click Yes when you see the Configuration Manager notification that pops up immediately after. You can then double click the “Microsoft Office 365 Professional Plus” or ""Microsoft Office 365 Professional Plus  - Shared""  collection and verify that the computer Hostname is listed. If easier, you can use the search function near the top of the wi ndow  to ensure it is listed. You should see the Office 365 application show up in Software Center within 30 -45 minutes, if the intended computer  is on the network. See the document attached below for an example of software center usage. If 30-45 minutes has passed and you still haven’t seen any new software available for install, you can perform the following on  the users’ computer.  Open the Control Panel.  Locate the “Configuration Manager” icon and open by clicking on it.  If you do not see the “Configuration Manager icon”, you may need to change the “View By” category to large or small icons. On the Configuration Manager Properties box, click on the “Actions” tab. Click on “Application Deployment Evaluation Cycle” and click on ""Run Now."" Click on Machine Policy Retrieval & Evaluation Cycle and click on ""Run Now."" Click on “Software Inventory Cycle and click” on the “Run Now” button. The software in Software Center should update shortly.  Pressing on F5 on the keyboard while in the Software Center window wi ll       The software in Software Center should update shortly.  Pressing on F5 on the keyboard while in the Software Center window wi ll  refresh it. If you’ve performed all the above steps, and still are unable to deploy Office 365, you may use the installer from the Office 365  Portal under the following circumstances: 1.","[64, 713, 65, 778]","[240, 241]","*Deploying Office 365 using SCCM Management Console *Deploying Office 365 using SCCM Management Console *Deploying Office 365 using SCCM Management Console *Deploying Office 365 using SCCM Management Console *Deploying Office 365 using SCCM Management Console *Deploying Office 365 using SCCM Management Console *Deploying Office 365 using SCCM Management Console *Deploying Office 365 using SCCM Management Console *Deploying Office 365 using SCCM Management Console *Deploying Office 365 using SCCM Management Console   Friday, February 23, 2018 2:56 PM Open SCCM Console. Under Assets and Compliance, highlight Devices and click the Search bar near the top of the window. Enter the hostname of the computer you intend to interact with then click search. Once the search is complete, you will see a list  of any matching computers.  Right click on the computer you intend to deploy Office 365 Client tools to. Move your mouse cursor over “Add Selected Items” ,  then click on “Add Selected Items to Existing Device Collection.” A new window within the SCCM console, ensure “Device Collections” is selected in the upper left -hand corner.  Expand Root->Berkadia Workstations, then click on “Targeted Deployments.” On the right-hand column of this window, you’ll see a list of all available deployments. Scroll down to locate “Microsoft Office  365 Professional Plus”, click to highlight, then click “OK.” For India based workstations or shared resources such as  Conference room PCs,  choose ""Microsoft Office 365 Professional Plus - Shared instead."" *NOTE* Although additional software titles are available, many require licensing and should not be installed  without explicit approval. The smaller window should now disappear, and you should be back on the same search page where you started under  Assets and Compliance. At this point, you should look to the left-hand column of the console, expand Device Collections->Berkadia Workstations,  then click on “Targeted Deployments.” On the right-hand column, scroll down and locate “Microsoft Office 365 Professional Plus”  or ""Microsoft Office 365 Professional Plus - Shared"" depending on office location (see text above in  red).  Right click this item and  select “Update Membership.” Click Yes when you see the Configuration Manager notification that pops up immediately after. You can then double click the “Microsoft Office 365 Professional Plus” or ""Microsoft Office 365 Professional Plus  - Shared""  collection and verify that the computer Hostname is listed. If easier, you can use the search function near the top of the wi ndow  to ensure it is listed. You should see the Office 365 application show up in Software Center within 30 -45 minutes, if the intended computer  is on the network. See the document attached below for an example of software center usage. If 30-45 minutes has passed and you still haven’t seen any new software available for install, you can perform the following on  the users’ computer.  Open the Control Panel.  Locate the “Configuration Manager” icon and open by clicking on it.  If you do not see the “Configuration Manager icon”, you may need to change the “View By” category to large or small icons. On the Configuration Manager Properties box, click on the “Actions” tab. Click on “Application Deployment Evaluation Cycle” and click on ""Run Now."" Click on Machine Policy Retrieval & Evaluation Cycle and click on ""Run Now."" Click on “Software Inventory Cycle and click” on the “Run Now” button. The software in Software Center should update shortly.  Pressing on F5 on the keyboard while in the Software Center window wi ll       The software in Software Center should update shortly.  Pressing on F5 on the keyboard while in the Software Center window wi ll  refresh it. If you’ve performed all the above steps, and still are unable to deploy Office 365, you may use the installer from the Office 365  Portal under the following circumstances: 1.","*deploying office 365 use sccm management console *deploying office 365 use sccm management console *deploying office 365 use sccm management console *deploying office 365 use sccm management console *deploying office 365 use sccm management console *deploying office 365 use sccm management console *deploying office 365 use sccm management console *deploying office 365 use sccm management console *deploying office 365 use sccm management console *deploying office 365 use sccm management console friday, february 23, 2018 2:56 pm open sccm console. assets compliance, highlight devices click search bar near top window. enter hostname computer intend interact click search. search complete, see list match computers. right click computer intend deploy office 365 client tool to. move mouse cursor “add select items” , click “add select items exist device collection.” new window within sccm console, ensure “device collections” select upper leave -hand corner. expand root->berkadia workstations, click “targeted deployments.” right-hand column window, you’ll see list available deployments. scroll locate “microsoft office 365 professional plus”, click highlight, click “ok.” india base workstations share resources conference room pcs, choose ""microsoft office 365 professional plus - share instead."" *note* although additional software title available, many require license instal without explicit approval. smaller window disappear, back search page start assets compliance. point, look left-hand column console, expand device collections->berkadia workstations, click “targeted deployments.” right-hand column, scroll locate “microsoft office 365 professional plus” ""microsoft office 365 professional plus - shared"" depend office location (see text red). right click item select “update membership.” click yes see configuration manager notification pop immediately after. double click “microsoft office 365 professional plus” ""microsoft office 365 professional plus - shared"" collection verify computer hostname listed. easier, use search function near top wi ndow ensure listed. see office 365 application show software center within 30 -45 minutes, intend computer network. see document attach example software center usage. 30-45 minutes pass still haven’t see new software available install, perform follow users’ computer. open control panel. locate “configuration manager” icon open click it. see “configuration manager icon”, may need change “view by” category large small icons. configuration manager properties box, click “actions” tab. click “application deployment evaluation cycle” click ""run now."" click machine policy retrieval & evaluation cycle click ""run now."" click “software inventory cycle click” “run now” button. software software center update shortly. press f5 keyboard software center window wi software software center update shortly. press f5 keyboard software center window wi refresh it. you’ve perform steps, still unable deploy office 365, may use installer office 365 portal follow circumstances: 1.","*Deploying Office 365 using SCCM Management Console *Deploying Office 365 using SCCM Management Console   Friday, February 23, 2018 2:56 PM Open SCCM Console. Under Assets and Compliance, highlight Devices and click the Search bar near the top of the window. Enter the hostname of the computer you intend to interact with then click search. Once the search is complete, you will see a list  of any matching computers.  Right click on the computer you intend to deploy Office 365 Client tools to. Move your mouse cursor over “Add Selected Items” ,  then click on “Add Selected Items to Existing Device Collection.” A new window within the SCCM console, ensure “Device Collections” is selected in the upper left -hand corner.  Expand Root->Berkadia Workstations, then click on “Targeted Deployments.” On the right-hand column of this window, you’ll see a list of all available deployments. Scroll down to locate “Microsoft Office  365 Professional Plus”, click to highlight, then click “OK.” For India based workstations or shared resources such as  Conference room PCs,  choose ""Microsoft Office 365 Professional Plus - Shared instead."" *NOTE* Although additional software titles are available, many require licensing and should not be installed  without explicit approval. The smaller window should now disappear, and you should be back on the same search page where you started under  Assets and Compliance. At this point, you should look to the left-hand column of the console, expand Device Collections->Berkadia Workstations,  then click on “Targeted Deployments.” On the right-hand column, scroll down and locate “Microsoft Office 365 Professional Plus”  or ""Microsoft Office 365 Professional Plus - Shared"" depending on office location (see text above in  red).  Right click this item and  select “Update Membership.” Click Yes when you see the Configuration Manager notification that pops up immediately after. You can then double click the “Microsoft Office 365 Professional Plus” or ""Microsoft Office 365 Professional Plus  - Shared""  collection and verify that the computer Hostname is listed. If easier, you can use the search function near the top of the wi ndow  to ensure it is listed. You should see the Office 365 application show up in Software Center within 30 -45 minutes, if the intended computer  is on the network. See the document attached below for an example of software center usage. If 30-45 minutes has passed and you still haven’t seen any new software available for install, you can perform the following on  the users’ computer.  Open the Control Panel.  Locate the “Configuration Manager” icon and open by clicking on it.  If you do not see the “Configuration Manager icon”, you may need to change the “View By” category to large or small icons. On the Configuration Manager Properties box, click on the “Actions” tab. Click on “Application Deployment Evaluation Cycle” and click on ""Run Now."" Click on Machine Policy Retrieval & Evaluation Cycle and click on ""Run Now."" Click on “Software Inventory Cycle and click” on the “Run Now” button. The software in Software Center should update shortly.  Pressing on F5 on the keyboard while in the Software Center window wi ll       The software in Software Center should update shortly.  Pressing on F5 on the keyboard while in the Software Center window wi ll  refresh it. If you’ve performed all the above steps, and still are unable to deploy Office 365, you may use the installer from the Office 365  Portal under the following circumstances: 1.","*deploying office 365 use sccm management console *deploying office 365 use sccm management console friday, february 23, 2018 2:56 pm open sccm console. assets compliance, highlight devices click search bar near top window. enter hostname computer intend interact click search. search complete, see list match computers. right click computer intend deploy office 365 client tool to. move mouse cursor “add select items” , click “add select items exist device collection.” new window within sccm console, ensure “device collections” select upper leave -hand corner. expand root->berkadia workstations, click “targeted deployments.” right-hand column window, you’ll see list available deployments. scroll locate “microsoft office 365 professional plus”, click highlight, click “ok.” india base workstations share resources conference room pcs, choose ""microsoft office 365 professional plus - share instead."" *note* although additional software title available, many require license instal without explicit approval. smaller window disappear, back search page start assets compliance. point, look left-hand column console, expand device collections->berkadia workstations, click “targeted deployments.” right-hand column, scroll locate “microsoft office 365 professional plus” ""microsoft office 365 professional plus - shared"" depend office location (see text red). right click item select “update membership.” click yes see configuration manager notification pop immediately after. double click “microsoft office 365 professional plus” ""microsoft office 365 professional plus - shared"" collection verify computer hostname listed. easier, use search function near top wi ndow ensure listed. see office 365 application show software center within 30 -45 minutes, intend computer network. see document attach example software center usage. 30-45 minutes pass still haven’t see new software available install, perform follow users’ computer. open control panel. locate “configuration manager” icon open click it. see “configuration manager icon”, may need change “view by” category large small icons. configuration manager properties box, click “actions” tab. click “application deployment evaluation cycle” click ""run now."" click machine policy retrieval & evaluation cycle click ""run now."" click “software inventory cycle click” “run now” button. software software center update shortly. press f5 keyboard software center window wi software software center update shortly. press f5 keyboard software center window wi refresh it. you’ve perform steps, still unable deploy office 365, may use installer office 365 portal follow circumstances: 1."
4,*Known Microsoft Issues," Friday, February 23, 2018 3:47 PM Please review the page content linked below periodically. Microsoft continues to update and has done  so as of 2/18 https://support.office.com/en-us/article/fixes-or-workarounds-for-recent-issues-in-outlook-for- windows-ecf61305-f84f-4e13-bb73-95a214ac1230    ","[72, 0, 175, 775]",[242],"*Known Microsoft Issues *Known Microsoft Issues *Known Microsoft Issues *Known Microsoft Issues *Known Microsoft Issues *Known Microsoft Issues *Known Microsoft Issues *Known Microsoft Issues *Known Microsoft Issues *Known Microsoft Issues   Friday, February 23, 2018 3:47 PM Please review the page content linked below periodically. Microsoft continues to update and has done  so as of 2/18 https://support.office.com/en-us/article/fixes-or-workarounds-for-recent-issues-in-outlook-for- windows-ecf61305-f84f-4e13-bb73-95a214ac1230    ","*known microsoft issue *known microsoft issue *known microsoft issue *known microsoft issue *known microsoft issue *known microsoft issue *known microsoft issue *known microsoft issue *known microsoft issue *known microsoft issue friday, february 23, 2018 3:47 pm please review page content link periodically. microsoft continue update do 2/18 https://support.office.com/en-us/article/fixes-or-workarounds-for-recent-issues-in-outlook-for- windows-ecf61305-f84f-4e13-bb73-95a214ac1230","*Known Microsoft Issues *Known Microsoft Issues   Friday, February 23, 2018 3:47 PM Please review the page content linked below periodically. Microsoft continues to update and has done  so as of 2/18 https://support.office.com/en-us/article/fixes-or-workarounds-for-recent-issues-in-outlook-for- windows-ecf61305-f84f-4e13-bb73-95a214ac1230    ","*known microsoft issue *known microsoft issue friday, february 23, 2018 3:47 pm please review page content link periodically. microsoft continue update do 2/18 https://support.office.com/en-us/article/fixes-or-workarounds-for-recent-issues-in-outlook-for- windows-ecf61305-f84f-4e13-bb73-95a214ac1230"
5,*Office 365 Sharepoint Site," Friday, February 23, 2018 4:03 PM https://berkadia.sharepoint.com/O365-Resources/Pages/Home.aspx    ","[72, 0, 175, 775]",[243],"*Office 365 Sharepoint Site *Office 365 Sharepoint Site *Office 365 Sharepoint Site *Office 365 Sharepoint Site *Office 365 Sharepoint Site *Office 365 Sharepoint Site *Office 365 Sharepoint Site *Office 365 Sharepoint Site *Office 365 Sharepoint Site *Office 365 Sharepoint Site   Friday, February 23, 2018 4:03 PM https://berkadia.sharepoint.com/O365-Resources/Pages/Home.aspx    ","*office 365 sharepoint site *office 365 sharepoint site *office 365 sharepoint site *office 365 sharepoint site *office 365 sharepoint site *office 365 sharepoint site *office 365 sharepoint site *office 365 sharepoint site *office 365 sharepoint site *office 365 sharepoint site friday, february 23, 2018 4:03 pm https://berkadia.sharepoint.com/o365-resources/pages/home.aspx","*Office 365 Sharepoint Site *Office 365 Sharepoint Site   Friday, February 23, 2018 4:03 PM https://berkadia.sharepoint.com/O365-Resources/Pages/Home.aspx    ","*office 365 sharepoint site *office 365 sharepoint site friday, february 23, 2018 4:03 pm https://berkadia.sharepoint.com/o365-resources/pages/home.aspx"
6,"0.1 Creating Bootable Mac ""Imaging"" Drive"," Wednesday, August 08, 2018 8:05 AM To begin, you'll need access to an existing, functional Mac. Download and install Disk Creator  from here: https://macdaddy.io/install-disk-creator/ Alternatively, you can create media using the process below through terminal, however there  doesn't appear to be any difference in the end product. https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201372 We currently have a copy of High Sierra 10.13.2 and the incremental update to 10.13.3 stored  on our applic drive here: \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_NonLicense\SCCM\Polaris_Dev_Mac\ *NOTE* You'll need to select ""Go->Connect to Server""  from the Apple bar menu (top of the  screen) then type in ""smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic"" then click ""Connect."" You may be prompted  for your credentials, if so, enter your adm credentials. Browse to the subfolder mentioned above (Polaris_Dev_Mac), locate and copy ""Install-macOS- High-Sierra-10.13.2.zip""  to a location on the Mac you're using to create the bootable drive.  This can be your desktop/applications/downloads folder. Leave this finder window open for a  later step in the process. Unzip the file then launch Disk Creator Insert an 8GB (or larger) flash drive. If you have any other data on that flash drive, back  it up now, because the installer will delete all content Open Disk Creator Select the OS X Installer button in Disk Creator Browse to the unzipped High Sierra installer file that you copied from Applic Select your flash drive from the drop-down menu as the install media Click “Create Installer.” When it’s done, copy down the ""macOSUpd10.13.3.dmg"" from the finder window you  left open earlier, to the USB Drive. Safely Disconnect the USB Drive from your Mac:  https://www.laptopmag.com/articles/how-to-eject-usb-in-macos Insert your USB drive into any Mac you need to ""image"",  then launch the installer by  holding down the Option key as you boot up your computer.    ","[72, 0, 190, 775]",[508],"0.1 Creating Bootable Mac ""Imaging"" Drive 0.1 Creating Bootable Mac ""Imaging"" Drive 0.1 Creating Bootable Mac ""Imaging"" Drive 0.1 Creating Bootable Mac ""Imaging"" Drive 0.1 Creating Bootable Mac ""Imaging"" Drive 0.1 Creating Bootable Mac ""Imaging"" Drive 0.1 Creating Bootable Mac ""Imaging"" Drive 0.1 Creating Bootable Mac ""Imaging"" Drive 0.1 Creating Bootable Mac ""Imaging"" Drive 0.1 Creating Bootable Mac ""Imaging"" Drive   Wednesday, August 08, 2018 8:05 AM To begin, you'll need access to an existing, functional Mac. Download and install Disk Creator  from here: https://macdaddy.io/install-disk-creator/ Alternatively, you can create media using the process below through terminal, however there  doesn't appear to be any difference in the end product. https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201372 We currently have a copy of High Sierra 10.13.2 and the incremental update to 10.13.3 stored  on our applic drive here: \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_NonLicense\SCCM\Polaris_Dev_Mac\ *NOTE* You'll need to select ""Go->Connect to Server""  from the Apple bar menu (top of the  screen) then type in ""smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic"" then click ""Connect."" You may be prompted  for your credentials, if so, enter your adm credentials. Browse to the subfolder mentioned above (Polaris_Dev_Mac), locate and copy ""Install-macOS- High-Sierra-10.13.2.zip""  to a location on the Mac you're using to create the bootable drive.  This can be your desktop/applications/downloads folder. Leave this finder window open for a  later step in the process. Unzip the file then launch Disk Creator Insert an 8GB (or larger) flash drive. If you have any other data on that flash drive, back  it up now, because the installer will delete all content Open Disk Creator Select the OS X Installer button in Disk Creator Browse to the unzipped High Sierra installer file that you copied from Applic Select your flash drive from the drop-down menu as the install media Click “Create Installer.” When it’s done, copy down the ""macOSUpd10.13.3.dmg"" from the finder window you  left open earlier, to the USB Drive. Safely Disconnect the USB Drive from your Mac:  https://www.laptopmag.com/articles/how-to-eject-usb-in-macos Insert your USB drive into any Mac you need to ""image"",  then launch the installer by  holding down the Option key as you boot up your computer.    ","0.1 create bootable mac ""imaging"" drive 0.1 create bootable mac ""imaging"" drive 0.1 create bootable mac ""imaging"" drive 0.1 create bootable mac ""imaging"" drive 0.1 create bootable mac ""imaging"" drive 0.1 create bootable mac ""imaging"" drive 0.1 create bootable mac ""imaging"" drive 0.1 create bootable mac ""imaging"" drive 0.1 create bootable mac ""imaging"" drive 0.1 create bootable mac ""imaging"" drive wednesday, august 08, 2018 8:05 begin, need access existing, functional mac. download install disk creator here: https://macdaddy.io/install-disk-creator/ alternatively, create media use process terminal, however appear difference end product. https://support.apple.com/en-us/ht201372 currently copy high sierra 10.13.2 incremental update 10.13.3 store applic drive here: \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_nonlicense\sccm\polaris_dev_mac\ *note* need select ""go->connect server"" apple bar menu (top screen) type ""smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic"" click ""connect."" may prompt credentials, so, enter adm credentials. browse subfolder mention (polaris_dev_mac), locate copy ""install-macos- high-sierra-10.13.2.zip"" location mac use create bootable drive. desktop/applications/downloads folder. leave finder window open later step process. unzip file launch disk creator insert 8gb (or larger) flash drive. data flash drive, back now, installer delete content open disk creator select os x installer button disk creator browse unzip high sierra installer file copy applic select flash drive drop-down menu install media click “create installer.” it’s done, copy ""macosupd10.13.3.dmg"" finder window leave open earlier, usb drive. safely disconnect usb drive mac: https://www.laptopmag.com/articles/how-to-eject-usb-in-macos insert usb drive mac need ""image"", launch installer hold option key boot computer.","0.1 Creating Bootable Mac ""Imaging"" Drive 0.1 Creating Bootable Mac ""Imaging"" Drive   Wednesday, August 08, 2018 8:05 AM To begin, you'll need access to an existing, functional Mac. Download and install Disk Creator  from here: https://macdaddy.io/install-disk-creator/ Alternatively, you can create media using the process below through terminal, however there  doesn't appear to be any difference in the end product. https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201372 We currently have a copy of High Sierra 10.13.2 and the incremental update to 10.13.3 stored  on our applic drive here: \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_NonLicense\SCCM\Polaris_Dev_Mac\ *NOTE* You'll need to select ""Go->Connect to Server""  from the Apple bar menu (top of the  screen) then type in ""smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic"" then click ""Connect."" You may be prompted  for your credentials, if so, enter your adm credentials. Browse to the subfolder mentioned above (Polaris_Dev_Mac), locate and copy ""Install-macOS- High-Sierra-10.13.2.zip""  to a location on the Mac you're using to create the bootable drive.  This can be your desktop/applications/downloads folder. Leave this finder window open for a  later step in the process. Unzip the file then launch Disk Creator Insert an 8GB (or larger) flash drive. If you have any other data on that flash drive, back  it up now, because the installer will delete all content Open Disk Creator Select the OS X Installer button in Disk Creator Browse to the unzipped High Sierra installer file that you copied from Applic Select your flash drive from the drop-down menu as the install media Click “Create Installer.” When it’s done, copy down the ""macOSUpd10.13.3.dmg"" from the finder window you  left open earlier, to the USB Drive. Safely Disconnect the USB Drive from your Mac:  https://www.laptopmag.com/articles/how-to-eject-usb-in-macos Insert your USB drive into any Mac you need to ""image"",  then launch the installer by  holding down the Option key as you boot up your computer.    ","0.1 create bootable mac ""imaging"" drive 0.1 create bootable mac ""imaging"" drive wednesday, august 08, 2018 8:05 begin, need access existing, functional mac. download install disk creator here: https://macdaddy.io/install-disk-creator/ alternatively, create media use process terminal, however appear difference end product. https://support.apple.com/en-us/ht201372 currently copy high sierra 10.13.2 incremental update 10.13.3 store applic drive here: \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_nonlicense\sccm\polaris_dev_mac\ *note* need select ""go->connect server"" apple bar menu (top screen) type ""smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic"" click ""connect."" may prompt credentials, so, enter adm credentials. browse subfolder mention (polaris_dev_mac), locate copy ""install-macos- high-sierra-10.13.2.zip"" location mac use create bootable drive. desktop/applications/downloads folder. leave finder window open later step process. unzip file launch disk creator insert 8gb (or larger) flash drive. data flash drive, back now, installer delete content open disk creator select os x installer button disk creator browse unzip high sierra installer file copy applic select flash drive drop-down menu install media click “create installer.” it’s done, copy ""macosupd10.13.3.dmg"" finder window leave open earlier, usb drive. safely disconnect usb drive mac: https://www.laptopmag.com/articles/how-to-eject-usb-in-macos insert usb drive mac need ""image"", launch installer hold option key boot computer."
7,0.2 Preparing Mac Hard Drive - Formatting," Tuesday, August 07, 2018 8:10 AM There are a few scenarios where you'll need to completely erase and repartition a hard drive on a Mac.","[63, 730, 469, 779]",[509],"0.2 Preparing Mac Hard Drive - Formatting 0.2 Preparing Mac Hard Drive - Formatting 0.2 Preparing Mac Hard Drive - Formatting 0.2 Preparing Mac Hard Drive - Formatting 0.2 Preparing Mac Hard Drive - Formatting 0.2 Preparing Mac Hard Drive - Formatting 0.2 Preparing Mac Hard Drive - Formatting 0.2 Preparing Mac Hard Drive - Formatting 0.2 Preparing Mac Hard Drive - Formatting 0.2 Preparing Mac Hard Drive - Formatting   Tuesday, August 07, 2018 8:10 AM There are a few scenarios where you'll need to completely erase and repartition a hard drive on a Mac.","0.2 prepare mac hard drive - format 0.2 prepare mac hard drive - format 0.2 prepare mac hard drive - format 0.2 prepare mac hard drive - format 0.2 prepare mac hard drive - format 0.2 prepare mac hard drive - format 0.2 prepare mac hard drive - format 0.2 prepare mac hard drive - format 0.2 prepare mac hard drive - format 0.2 prepare mac hard drive - format tuesday, august 07, 2018 8:10 scenarios need completely erase repartition hard drive mac.","0.2 Preparing Mac Hard Drive - Formatting 0.2 Preparing Mac Hard Drive - Formatting   Tuesday, August 07, 2018 8:10 AM There are a few scenarios where you'll need to completely erase and repartition a hard drive on a Mac.","0.2 prepare mac hard drive - format 0.2 prepare mac hard drive - format tuesday, august 07, 2018 8:10 scenarios need completely erase repartition hard drive mac."
8,0.3 Installing macOS Sierra 10.13.X," Sunday, August 12, 2018 3:27 PM *Currently we are not deploying High Sierra past version 10.13.3 due to display drivers not  fully functioning with 10.13.4 and above.* Before attempting to install or reinstall any macOS  operating system, please see ""Preparing  Mac Hard Drive - Formatting"" to ensure you do not encounter any preventable issues with  the build. Plug in charger Insert Imaging drive (if the unit is new in box, it will be a USB C model, you’ll need an adapter) While Holding down the option key, press and hold the power button for 3-5 seconds and release only the  power button. Although MacBooks are depicted, this process will also work on Mac Mini units and others. (newer usb c model) (older mid-2015 model)      Continue holding the option key until you see a choice of boot options. Select “Install macOS High Sierra. Select Language-> Select Install macOS ->Continue      Select Continue Accept License Agreement->Continue      Select ""Macintosh HD"" as the install destination. This installation process will vary by model but expect 20-30 minutes before further user interaction will be  required.      This will take you to the next stage of initial setup. The order in which these screens are displayed appears  to vary a bit with each incremental macOS update, however the following options should always be  selected: English language US location US Keyboard layout Do not transfer any data from prior mac Do not attempt to connect to wifi Accept terms and conditions when applicable Skip Touch ID fingerprint configuration Choose Express setup Create ""macadmin"" system account, use standard local admin password beginning with ""O."" (contact your  team lead if you are not aware of this password)         ","[69, 0, 69, 776]","[519, 524]","0.3 Installing macOS Sierra 10.13.X 0.3 Installing macOS Sierra 10.13.X 0.3 Installing macOS Sierra 10.13.X 0.3 Installing macOS Sierra 10.13.X 0.3 Installing macOS Sierra 10.13.X 0.3 Installing macOS Sierra 10.13.X 0.3 Installing macOS Sierra 10.13.X 0.3 Installing macOS Sierra 10.13.X 0.3 Installing macOS Sierra 10.13.X 0.3 Installing macOS Sierra 10.13.X   Sunday, August 12, 2018 3:27 PM *Currently we are not deploying High Sierra past version 10.13.3 due to display drivers not  fully functioning with 10.13.4 and above.* Before attempting to install or reinstall any macOS  operating system, please see ""Preparing  Mac Hard Drive - Formatting"" to ensure you do not encounter any preventable issues with  the build. Plug in charger Insert Imaging drive (if the unit is new in box, it will be a USB C model, you’ll need an adapter) While Holding down the option key, press and hold the power button for 3-5 seconds and release only the  power button. Although MacBooks are depicted, this process will also work on Mac Mini units and others. (newer usb c model) (older mid-2015 model)      Continue holding the option key until you see a choice of boot options. Select “Install macOS High Sierra. Select Language-> Select Install macOS ->Continue      Select Continue Accept License Agreement->Continue      Select ""Macintosh HD"" as the install destination. This installation process will vary by model but expect 20-30 minutes before further user interaction will be  required.      This will take you to the next stage of initial setup. The order in which these screens are displayed appears  to vary a bit with each incremental macOS update, however the following options should always be  selected: English language US location US Keyboard layout Do not transfer any data from prior mac Do not attempt to connect to wifi Accept terms and conditions when applicable Skip Touch ID fingerprint configuration Choose Express setup Create ""macadmin"" system account, use standard local admin password beginning with ""O."" (contact your  team lead if you are not aware of this password)         ","0.3 instal macos sierra 10.13.x 0.3 instal macos sierra 10.13.x 0.3 instal macos sierra 10.13.x 0.3 instal macos sierra 10.13.x 0.3 instal macos sierra 10.13.x 0.3 instal macos sierra 10.13.x 0.3 instal macos sierra 10.13.x 0.3 instal macos sierra 10.13.x 0.3 instal macos sierra 10.13.x 0.3 instal macos sierra 10.13.x sunday, august 12, 2018 3:27 pm *currently deploy high sierra past version 10.13.3 due display drivers fully function 10.13.4 above.* attempt install reinstall macos operate system, please see ""preparing mac hard drive - formatting"" ensure encounter preventable issue build. plug charger insert image drive (if unit new box, usb c model, you’ll need adapter) hold option key, press hold power button 3-5 second release power button. although macbooks depicted, process also work mac mini units others. (newer usb c model) (older mid-2015 model) continue hold option key see choice boot options. select “install macos high sierra. select language-> select install macos ->continue select continue accept license agreement->continue select ""macintosh hd"" install destination. installation process vary model expect 20-30 minutes user interaction required. take next stage initial setup. order screen display appear vary bite incremental macos update, however follow options always selected: english language us location us keyboard layout transfer data prior mac attempt connect wifi accept term condition applicable skip touch id fingerprint configuration choose express setup create ""macadmin"" system account, use standard local admin password begin ""o."" (contact team lead aware password)","0.3 Installing macOS Sierra 10.13.X 0.3 Installing macOS Sierra 10.13.X   Sunday, August 12, 2018 3:27 PM *Currently we are not deploying High Sierra past version 10.13.3 due to display drivers not  fully functioning with 10.13.4 and above.* Before attempting to install or reinstall any macOS  operating system, please see ""Preparing  Mac Hard Drive - Formatting"" to ensure you do not encounter any preventable issues with  the build. Plug in charger Insert Imaging drive (if the unit is new in box, it will be a USB C model, you’ll need an adapter) While Holding down the option key, press and hold the power button for 3-5 seconds and release only the  power button. Although MacBooks are depicted, this process will also work on Mac Mini units and others. (newer usb c model) (older mid-2015 model)      Continue holding the option key until you see a choice of boot options. Select “Install macOS High Sierra. Select Language-> Select Install macOS ->Continue      Select Continue Accept License Agreement->Continue      Select ""Macintosh HD"" as the install destination. This installation process will vary by model but expect 20-30 minutes before further user interaction will be  required.      This will take you to the next stage of initial setup. The order in which these screens are displayed appears  to vary a bit with each incremental macOS update, however the following options should always be  selected: English language US location US Keyboard layout Do not transfer any data from prior mac Do not attempt to connect to wifi Accept terms and conditions when applicable Skip Touch ID fingerprint configuration Choose Express setup Create ""macadmin"" system account, use standard local admin password beginning with ""O."" (contact your  team lead if you are not aware of this password)         ","0.3 instal macos sierra 10.13.x 0.3 instal macos sierra 10.13.x sunday, august 12, 2018 3:27 pm *currently deploy high sierra past version 10.13.3 due display drivers fully function 10.13.4 above.* attempt install reinstall macos operate system, please see ""preparing mac hard drive - formatting"" ensure encounter preventable issue build. plug charger insert image drive (if unit new box, usb c model, you’ll need adapter) hold option key, press hold power button 3-5 second release power button. although macbooks depicted, process also work mac mini units others. (newer usb c model) (older mid-2015 model) continue hold option key see choice boot options. select “install macos high sierra. select language-> select install macos ->continue select continue accept license agreement->continue select ""macintosh hd"" install destination. installation process vary model expect 20-30 minutes user interaction required. take next stage initial setup. order screen display appear vary bite incremental macos update, however follow options always selected: english language us location us keyboard layout transfer data prior mac attempt connect wifi accept term condition applicable skip touch id fingerprint configuration choose express setup create ""macadmin"" system account, use standard local admin password begin ""o."" (contact team lead aware password)"
9,1. Join Mac To Domain," Thursday, November 12, 2015 10:18 AM Once logged into the macadmin account, the next step will be to set the computer name using the following commands in  terminal. To open terminal, open spotlight (command + spacebar) and type in Terminal. You will have to set the name in three locations, which are listed below. When using Sudo you will need to be logged in as  an the macadmin account. You will be prompted to provide the account password after you press enter to run the first of  the 3 commands below. sudo scutil --set HostName newhostname sudo scutil --set LocalHostName newhostname sudo scutil --set ComputerName newhostname To check the computer name use the following commands. The name needs to be the same on all three before  joining to the domain. scutil --get HostName scutil --get LocalHostName Scutil --get ComputerName Once the name has been completed the next step will be to copy the Centrify suite app to the desktop folder of  the Mac you intend to join to the domain. If accessing from a PC: \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_NonLicense\SCCM\Polaris_Dev_Mac When accessing from the Mac you'll select Go->Connect to Server, then type in smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , then select  connect. Before proceeding, verify that the current time on the Mac is accurate or the Centrify install will not proceed. Once the file is copied to the desktop, open the folder and select CentrifyDC-5.4.2-mac10.10.dmg to install the client. When  the install opens up the first thing to do is run the AD Check Tool.      When you click on the AD Check it will ask you to specify the domain. Type in gmaccm.com and click on the ad check button  on the right. You will begin to see the window populate like below.      All items should pass you will receive one warning and that is for DNS Lookup of DC gcmgats1.gmaccm.com  this ok. You can  still proceed with warnings but not with failures. The next step is to quit and proceed with the Centrify Client installation. Run through the installer and choose all the default recommendations for installation. You will them be prompted for  credentials, proceed with the password. Once the installation is completed it will automatically launch the application. If you uncheck this box you can always re-open it in preferences.       Then in preferences you will see the centrify client at the bottom of the list. Just select it from the window and proceed. Then select the Centrify Join Assistant   Select continue Use ""macadmin"" account and the current administrator password. Then enter in the domain information as below, please be sure to use your ADM account to add the device to the domain. When trying to proceed if you receive this error message below, there could be one of a few issues that maybe causing this  issue. First check to make sure the date and time is correct, next make sure your adm account is not locked. Then proceed  again. If you are still unable to proceed, then reboot the system after completing the two setup above and try again.      Gmaccm.com After proceeding next you will come to a Licensed Mode screen. Make sure your settings match and that the computer  name is what you set it to, then select Join. The client will begin to join the domain.      The client will begin to join the domain. If you have successfully joined the domain you will receive this message below. The next step is to go into AD and move the computer from the computer container to the respective office location  container under workstations. Next you will need to add the computer object to BCM Apple Computers security group. This  will allow the domain to push the Berkadia Apple computer certs to the MacBook. Once this has been completed reboot the MacBook, so that group policy will update accordingly. *NOTE* it may take 30-45 minutes for all settings to take effect after adding the MacBook to  the appropriate security group membership and site OU in  active directory. You can run  ""adgpupdate"" from terminal to force these settings to pull down. You'll know this is working if  CorpWifi connects automatically when the Wifi adapter is enabled.    ","[67, 1, 67, 777]","[525, 530]","1. Join Mac To Domain 1. Join Mac To Domain 1. Join Mac To Domain 1. Join Mac To Domain 1. Join Mac To Domain 1. Join Mac To Domain 1. Join Mac To Domain 1. Join Mac To Domain 1. Join Mac To Domain 1. Join Mac To Domain   Thursday, November 12, 2015 10:18 AM Once logged into the macadmin account, the next step will be to set the computer name using the following commands in  terminal. To open terminal, open spotlight (command + spacebar) and type in Terminal. You will have to set the name in three locations, which are listed below. When using Sudo you will need to be logged in as  an the macadmin account. You will be prompted to provide the account password after you press enter to run the first of  the 3 commands below. sudo scutil --set HostName newhostname sudo scutil --set LocalHostName newhostname sudo scutil --set ComputerName newhostname To check the computer name use the following commands. The name needs to be the same on all three before  joining to the domain. scutil --get HostName scutil --get LocalHostName Scutil --get ComputerName Once the name has been completed the next step will be to copy the Centrify suite app to the desktop folder of  the Mac you intend to join to the domain. If accessing from a PC: \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_NonLicense\SCCM\Polaris_Dev_Mac When accessing from the Mac you'll select Go->Connect to Server, then type in smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , then select  connect. Before proceeding, verify that the current time on the Mac is accurate or the Centrify install will not proceed. Once the file is copied to the desktop, open the folder and select CentrifyDC-5.4.2-mac10.10.dmg to install the client. When  the install opens up the first thing to do is run the AD Check Tool.      When you click on the AD Check it will ask you to specify the domain. Type in gmaccm.com and click on the ad check button  on the right. You will begin to see the window populate like below.      All items should pass you will receive one warning and that is for DNS Lookup of DC gcmgats1.gmaccm.com  this ok. You can  still proceed with warnings but not with failures. The next step is to quit and proceed with the Centrify Client installation. Run through the installer and choose all the default recommendations for installation. You will them be prompted for  credentials, proceed with the password. Once the installation is completed it will automatically launch the application. If you uncheck this box you can always re-open it in preferences.       Then in preferences you will see the centrify client at the bottom of the list. Just select it from the window and proceed. Then select the Centrify Join Assistant   Select continue Use ""macadmin"" account and the current administrator password. Then enter in the domain information as below, please be sure to use your ADM account to add the device to the domain. When trying to proceed if you receive this error message below, there could be one of a few issues that maybe causing this  issue. First check to make sure the date and time is correct, next make sure your adm account is not locked. Then proceed  again. If you are still unable to proceed, then reboot the system after completing the two setup above and try again.      Gmaccm.com After proceeding next you will come to a Licensed Mode screen. Make sure your settings match and that the computer  name is what you set it to, then select Join. The client will begin to join the domain.      The client will begin to join the domain. If you have successfully joined the domain you will receive this message below. The next step is to go into AD and move the computer from the computer container to the respective office location  container under workstations. Next you will need to add the computer object to BCM Apple Computers security group. This  will allow the domain to push the Berkadia Apple computer certs to the MacBook. Once this has been completed reboot the MacBook, so that group policy will update accordingly. *NOTE* it may take 30-45 minutes for all settings to take effect after adding the MacBook to  the appropriate security group membership and site OU in  active directory. You can run  ""adgpupdate"" from terminal to force these settings to pull down. You'll know this is working if  CorpWifi connects automatically when the Wifi adapter is enabled.    ","1. join mac domain 1. join mac domain 1. join mac domain 1. join mac domain 1. join mac domain 1. join mac domain 1. join mac domain 1. join mac domain 1. join mac domain 1. join mac domain thursday, november 12, 2015 10:18 log macadmin account, next step set computer name use follow command terminal. open terminal, open spotlight (command + spacebar) type terminal. set name three locations, list below. use sudo need log macadmin account. prompt provide account password press enter run first 3 command below. sudo scutil --set hostname newhostname sudo scutil --set localhostname newhostname sudo scutil --set computername newhostname check computer name use follow commands. name need three join domain. scutil --get hostname scutil --get localhostname scutil --get computername name complete next step copy centrify suite app desktop folder mac intend join domain. access pc: \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_nonlicense\sccm\polaris_dev_mac access mac select go->connect server, type smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , select connect. proceeding, verify current time mac accurate centrify install proceed. file copy desktop, open folder select centrifydc-5.4.2-mac10.10.dmg install client. install open first thing run ad check tool. click ad check ask specify domain. type gmaccm.com click ad check button right. begin see window populate like below. items pass receive one warn dns lookup dc gcmgats1.gmaccm.com ok. still proceed warn failures. next step quit proceed centrify client installation. run installer choose default recommendations installation. prompt credentials, proceed password. installation complete automatically launch application. uncheck box always re-open preferences. preferences see centrify client bottom list. select window proceed. select centrify join assistant select continue use ""macadmin"" account current administrator password. enter domain information below, please sure use adm account add device domain. try proceed receive error message below, could one issue maybe cause issue. first check make sure date time correct, next make sure adm account locked. proceed again. still unable proceed, reboot system complete two setup try again. gmaccm.com proceed next come license mode screen. make sure settings match computer name set to, select join. client begin join domain. client begin join domain. successfully join domain receive message below. next step go ad move computer computer container respective office location container workstations. next need add computer object bcm apple computers security group. allow domain push berkadia apple computer certs macbook. complete reboot macbook, group policy update accordingly. *note* may take 30-45 minutes settings take effect add macbook appropriate security group membership site ou active directory. run ""adgpupdate"" terminal force settings pull down. know work corpwifi connect automatically wifi adapter enabled.","1. Join Mac To Domain 1. Join Mac To Domain   Thursday, November 12, 2015 10:18 AM Once logged into the macadmin account, the next step will be to set the computer name using the following commands in  terminal. To open terminal, open spotlight (command + spacebar) and type in Terminal. You will have to set the name in three locations, which are listed below. When using Sudo you will need to be logged in as  an the macadmin account. You will be prompted to provide the account password after you press enter to run the first of  the 3 commands below. sudo scutil --set HostName newhostname sudo scutil --set LocalHostName newhostname sudo scutil --set ComputerName newhostname To check the computer name use the following commands. The name needs to be the same on all three before  joining to the domain. scutil --get HostName scutil --get LocalHostName Scutil --get ComputerName Once the name has been completed the next step will be to copy the Centrify suite app to the desktop folder of  the Mac you intend to join to the domain. If accessing from a PC: \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_NonLicense\SCCM\Polaris_Dev_Mac When accessing from the Mac you'll select Go->Connect to Server, then type in smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , then select  connect. Before proceeding, verify that the current time on the Mac is accurate or the Centrify install will not proceed. Once the file is copied to the desktop, open the folder and select CentrifyDC-5.4.2-mac10.10.dmg to install the client. When  the install opens up the first thing to do is run the AD Check Tool.      When you click on the AD Check it will ask you to specify the domain. Type in gmaccm.com and click on the ad check button  on the right. You will begin to see the window populate like below.      All items should pass you will receive one warning and that is for DNS Lookup of DC gcmgats1.gmaccm.com  this ok. You can  still proceed with warnings but not with failures. The next step is to quit and proceed with the Centrify Client installation. Run through the installer and choose all the default recommendations for installation. You will them be prompted for  credentials, proceed with the password. Once the installation is completed it will automatically launch the application. If you uncheck this box you can always re-open it in preferences.       Then in preferences you will see the centrify client at the bottom of the list. Just select it from the window and proceed. Then select the Centrify Join Assistant   Select continue Use ""macadmin"" account and the current administrator password. Then enter in the domain information as below, please be sure to use your ADM account to add the device to the domain. When trying to proceed if you receive this error message below, there could be one of a few issues that maybe causing this  issue. First check to make sure the date and time is correct, next make sure your adm account is not locked. Then proceed  again. If you are still unable to proceed, then reboot the system after completing the two setup above and try again.      Gmaccm.com After proceeding next you will come to a Licensed Mode screen. Make sure your settings match and that the computer  name is what you set it to, then select Join. The client will begin to join the domain.      The client will begin to join the domain. If you have successfully joined the domain you will receive this message below. The next step is to go into AD and move the computer from the computer container to the respective office location  container under workstations. Next you will need to add the computer object to BCM Apple Computers security group. This  will allow the domain to push the Berkadia Apple computer certs to the MacBook. Once this has been completed reboot the MacBook, so that group policy will update accordingly. *NOTE* it may take 30-45 minutes for all settings to take effect after adding the MacBook to  the appropriate security group membership and site OU in  active directory. You can run  ""adgpupdate"" from terminal to force these settings to pull down. You'll know this is working if  CorpWifi connects automatically when the Wifi adapter is enabled.    ","1. join mac domain 1. join mac domain thursday, november 12, 2015 10:18 log macadmin account, next step set computer name use follow command terminal. open terminal, open spotlight (command + spacebar) type terminal. set name three locations, list below. use sudo need log macadmin account. prompt provide account password press enter run first 3 command below. sudo scutil --set hostname newhostname sudo scutil --set localhostname newhostname sudo scutil --set computername newhostname check computer name use follow commands. name need three join domain. scutil --get hostname scutil --get localhostname scutil --get computername name complete next step copy centrify suite app desktop folder mac intend join domain. access pc: \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_nonlicense\sccm\polaris_dev_mac access mac select go->connect server, type smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , select connect. proceeding, verify current time mac accurate centrify install proceed. file copy desktop, open folder select centrifydc-5.4.2-mac10.10.dmg install client. install open first thing run ad check tool. click ad check ask specify domain. type gmaccm.com click ad check button right. begin see window populate like below. items pass receive one warn dns lookup dc gcmgats1.gmaccm.com ok. still proceed warn failures. next step quit proceed centrify client installation. run installer choose default recommendations installation. prompt credentials, proceed password. installation complete automatically launch application. uncheck box always re-open preferences. preferences see centrify client bottom list. select window proceed. select centrify join assistant select continue use ""macadmin"" account current administrator password. enter domain information below, please sure use adm account add device domain. try proceed receive error message below, could one issue maybe cause issue. first check make sure date time correct, next make sure adm account locked. proceed again. still unable proceed, reboot system complete two setup try again. gmaccm.com proceed next come license mode screen. make sure settings match computer name set to, select join. client begin join domain. client begin join domain. successfully join domain receive message below. next step go ad move computer computer container respective office location container workstations. next need add computer object bcm apple computers security group. allow domain push berkadia apple computer certs macbook. complete reboot macbook, group policy update accordingly. *note* may take 30-45 minutes settings take effect add macbook appropriate security group membership site ou active directory. run ""adgpupdate"" terminal force settings pull down. know work corpwifi connect automatically wifi adapter enabled."
10,10. Install Polaris Applications *updated*," Tuesday, March 21, 2017 2:57 PM All apps are stored in the Polaris_Dev_Mac folder. As of 8/2018, the list of Polaris Apps include the  following:  Docker https://store.docker.com/editions/community/docker-ce-desktop-mac You can create an account to download or simply install the most recent version from  applic. Drag to Applications after opening. VSCode https://code.visualstudio.com/ Copy from applic or download. Drag to Applications after opening. Chrome https://www.google.com/chrome/ Copy from applic or download. Drag to Applications after opening. iTerm2 https://www.iterm2.com Copy from applic or download. Drag to Applications after opening. Xcode command line tools (9.4.1) https://developer.apple.com/download/more/ You can create an account to download or simply install the most recent version from  applic Homebrew & git https://brew.sh/  *(install xcode command line tools first)* Visit linked site, copy install URL shown below to clipboard .  Open terminal, paste URL and press enter. Wait while the install proceeds. You will be  prompted for the local account's password.  Leave terminal window open, type ""brew install git"" without quotes then press enter.  The latest version of git will automatically be downloaded. When finished, close  terminal.         ","[66, 1, 66, 778]","[565, 566]","10. Install Polaris Applications *updated* 10. Install Polaris Applications *updated* 10. Install Polaris Applications *updated* 10. Install Polaris Applications *updated* 10. Install Polaris Applications *updated* 10. Install Polaris Applications *updated* 10. Install Polaris Applications *updated* 10. Install Polaris Applications *updated* 10. Install Polaris Applications *updated* 10. Install Polaris Applications *updated*   Tuesday, March 21, 2017 2:57 PM All apps are stored in the Polaris_Dev_Mac folder. As of 8/2018, the list of Polaris Apps include the  following:  Docker https://store.docker.com/editions/community/docker-ce-desktop-mac You can create an account to download or simply install the most recent version from  applic. Drag to Applications after opening. VSCode https://code.visualstudio.com/ Copy from applic or download. Drag to Applications after opening. Chrome https://www.google.com/chrome/ Copy from applic or download. Drag to Applications after opening. iTerm2 https://www.iterm2.com Copy from applic or download. Drag to Applications after opening. Xcode command line tools (9.4.1) https://developer.apple.com/download/more/ You can create an account to download or simply install the most recent version from  applic Homebrew & git https://brew.sh/  *(install xcode command line tools first)* Visit linked site, copy install URL shown below to clipboard .  Open terminal, paste URL and press enter. Wait while the install proceeds. You will be  prompted for the local account's password.  Leave terminal window open, type ""brew install git"" without quotes then press enter.  The latest version of git will automatically be downloaded. When finished, close  terminal.         ","10. install polaris applications *updated* 10. install polaris applications *updated* 10. install polaris applications *updated* 10. install polaris applications *updated* 10. install polaris applications *updated* 10. install polaris applications *updated* 10. install polaris applications *updated* 10. install polaris applications *updated* 10. install polaris applications *updated* 10. install polaris applications *updated* tuesday, march 21, 2017 2:57 pm apps store polaris_dev_mac folder. 8/2018, list polaris apps include following: docker https://store.docker.com/editions/community/docker-ce-desktop-mac create account download simply install recent version applic. drag applications opening. vscode https://code.visualstudio.com/ copy applic download. drag applications opening. chrome https://www.google.com/chrome/ copy applic download. drag applications opening. iterm2 https://www.iterm2.com copy applic download. drag applications opening. xcode command line tool (9.4.1) https://developer.apple.com/download/more/ create account download simply install recent version applic homebrew & git https://brew.sh/ *(install xcode command line tool first)* visit link site, copy install url show clipboard . open terminal, paste url press enter. wait install proceeds. prompt local account's password. leave terminal window open, type ""brew install git"" without quote press enter. latest version git automatically downloaded. finished, close terminal.","10. Install Polaris Applications *updated* 10. Install Polaris Applications *updated*   Tuesday, March 21, 2017 2:57 PM All apps are stored in the Polaris_Dev_Mac folder. As of 8/2018, the list of Polaris Apps include the  following:  Docker https://store.docker.com/editions/community/docker-ce-desktop-mac You can create an account to download or simply install the most recent version from  applic. Drag to Applications after opening. VSCode https://code.visualstudio.com/ Copy from applic or download. Drag to Applications after opening. Chrome https://www.google.com/chrome/ Copy from applic or download. Drag to Applications after opening. iTerm2 https://www.iterm2.com Copy from applic or download. Drag to Applications after opening. Xcode command line tools (9.4.1) https://developer.apple.com/download/more/ You can create an account to download or simply install the most recent version from  applic Homebrew & git https://brew.sh/  *(install xcode command line tools first)* Visit linked site, copy install URL shown below to clipboard .  Open terminal, paste URL and press enter. Wait while the install proceeds. You will be  prompted for the local account's password.  Leave terminal window open, type ""brew install git"" without quotes then press enter.  The latest version of git will automatically be downloaded. When finished, close  terminal.         ","10. install polaris applications *updated* 10. install polaris applications *updated* tuesday, march 21, 2017 2:57 pm apps store polaris_dev_mac folder. 8/2018, list polaris apps include following: docker https://store.docker.com/editions/community/docker-ce-desktop-mac create account download simply install recent version applic. drag applications opening. vscode https://code.visualstudio.com/ copy applic download. drag applications opening. chrome https://www.google.com/chrome/ copy applic download. drag applications opening. iterm2 https://www.iterm2.com copy applic download. drag applications opening. xcode command line tool (9.4.1) https://developer.apple.com/download/more/ create account download simply install recent version applic homebrew & git https://brew.sh/ *(install xcode command line tool first)* visit link site, copy install url show clipboard . open terminal, paste url press enter. wait install proceeds. prompt local account's password. leave terminal window open, type ""brew install git"" without quote press enter. latest version git automatically downloaded. finished, close terminal."
11,2. Change Login Settings," Thursday, November 12, 2015 12:09 PM First thing you will need to change in order to have users login with username and password. Go to preferences and users & groups Click the lock in the lower left hand corner and put in your administrator password Then select login option Change the setting from List of users to Name and password.  Check the  boxes as shown below and  change show fast user switching menu to ""account name""     ","[72, 0, 194, 775]",[531],"2. Change Login Settings 2. Change Login Settings 2. Change Login Settings 2. Change Login Settings 2. Change Login Settings 2. Change Login Settings 2. Change Login Settings 2. Change Login Settings 2. Change Login Settings 2. Change Login Settings   Thursday, November 12, 2015 12:09 PM First thing you will need to change in order to have users login with username and password. Go to preferences and users & groups Click the lock in the lower left hand corner and put in your administrator password Then select login option Change the setting from List of users to Name and password.  Check the  boxes as shown below and  change show fast user switching menu to ""account name""     ","2. change login settings 2. change login settings 2. change login settings 2. change login settings 2. change login settings 2. change login settings 2. change login settings 2. change login settings 2. change login settings 2. change login settings thursday, november 12, 2015 12:09 pm first thing need change order users login username password. go preferences users & group click lock lower leave hand corner put administrator password select login option change set list users name password. check box show change show fast user switch menu ""account name""","2. Change Login Settings 2. Change Login Settings   Thursday, November 12, 2015 12:09 PM First thing you will need to change in order to have users login with username and password. Go to preferences and users & groups Click the lock in the lower left hand corner and put in your administrator password Then select login option Change the setting from List of users to Name and password.  Check the  boxes as shown below and  change show fast user switching menu to ""account name""     ","2. change login settings 2. change login settings thursday, november 12, 2015 12:09 pm first thing need change order users login username password. go preferences users & group click lock lower leave hand corner put administrator password select login option change set list users name password. check box show change show fast user switch menu ""account name"""
12,3. Enable File Vault," Tuesday, September 13, 2016 9:54 AM Part A: (You should be logged in as macadmin) Go to Apple menu->System Preferences->Users & Groups.  Highlight user account of the end user that is logged in. Click padlock to unlock options, enter user’s credentials. Click “Create” to the right of “Mobile  Account.”  Additional boxes may pop up, click “Create” when prompted.  The MacBook will then prompt for the user’s account password again.      The MacBook will then prompt for the user’s account password again. Finally, it will display the main login screen once again. Log back in with the macadmin credentials. Part B: Visit https://appleid.apple.com/account and proceed with Apple ID creation.  Password should match the end user's day one password, they will need to update this password as  soon as they are able. Reference “Welcome Letter – Macbook” in Onenote for additional details and security question  Q&A. Ensure all check boxes are unchecked at the bottom.      Select Continue. You’ll be prompted for a 6 digit pin which will be emailed to the user.      To proceed you’ll need to sign into the end user's webmail account to verify the account by entering  the 6 digit pin. Below is a sample of what the email content looks like. Part C: Go to Apple menu->system preferences->Network Turn off wifi, make sure you're only connected over ethernet temporarily. Select ""advanced"" in the  lower right hand corner.      Select Proxies tab. Uncheck all boxes except for Web Proxy HTTP. Set pa508-fg01.gmaccm.com port  3825. Click OK then apply on the prior menu. Part D: Next (quickly before group policy changes the proxy) go to Apple menu->system preferences-> Security & Privacy Click the padlock to unlock options if needed, enter macadmin credentials. Click FileVault tab then  click ""Turn On FileVault.""      Select ""Set up my iCloud account to reset my password.""  Then Continue. Enter the apple ID email address you created in Part B and enter the apple ID password. Select Sign  In.      Accept terms and conditions. Select ""Enable User"" next to the end user account. Enter the end user's Berkadia password, then select OK.      Click OK, then continue. Encryption will now proceed if the Mac is connected to power.     ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[532, 539]","3. Enable File Vault 3. Enable File Vault 3. Enable File Vault 3. Enable File Vault 3. Enable File Vault 3. Enable File Vault 3. Enable File Vault 3. Enable File Vault 3. Enable File Vault 3. Enable File Vault   Tuesday, September 13, 2016 9:54 AM Part A: (You should be logged in as macadmin) Go to Apple menu->System Preferences->Users & Groups.  Highlight user account of the end user that is logged in. Click padlock to unlock options, enter user’s credentials. Click “Create” to the right of “Mobile  Account.”  Additional boxes may pop up, click “Create” when prompted.  The MacBook will then prompt for the user’s account password again.      The MacBook will then prompt for the user’s account password again. Finally, it will display the main login screen once again. Log back in with the macadmin credentials. Part B: Visit https://appleid.apple.com/account and proceed with Apple ID creation.  Password should match the end user's day one password, they will need to update this password as  soon as they are able. Reference “Welcome Letter – Macbook” in Onenote for additional details and security question  Q&A. Ensure all check boxes are unchecked at the bottom.      Select Continue. You’ll be prompted for a 6 digit pin which will be emailed to the user.      To proceed you’ll need to sign into the end user's webmail account to verify the account by entering  the 6 digit pin. Below is a sample of what the email content looks like. Part C: Go to Apple menu->system preferences->Network Turn off wifi, make sure you're only connected over ethernet temporarily. Select ""advanced"" in the  lower right hand corner.      Select Proxies tab. Uncheck all boxes except for Web Proxy HTTP. Set pa508-fg01.gmaccm.com port  3825. Click OK then apply on the prior menu. Part D: Next (quickly before group policy changes the proxy) go to Apple menu->system preferences-> Security & Privacy Click the padlock to unlock options if needed, enter macadmin credentials. Click FileVault tab then  click ""Turn On FileVault.""      Select ""Set up my iCloud account to reset my password.""  Then Continue. Enter the apple ID email address you created in Part B and enter the apple ID password. Select Sign  In.      Accept terms and conditions. Select ""Enable User"" next to the end user account. Enter the end user's Berkadia password, then select OK.      Click OK, then continue. Encryption will now proceed if the Mac is connected to power.     ","3. enable file vault 3. enable file vault 3. enable file vault 3. enable file vault 3. enable file vault 3. enable file vault 3. enable file vault 3. enable file vault 3. enable file vault 3. enable file vault tuesday, september 13, 2016 9:54 part a: (you log macadmin) go apple menu->system preferences->users & groups. highlight user account end user log in. click padlock unlock options, enter user’s credentials. click “create” right “mobile account.” additional box may pop up, click “create” prompted. macbook prompt user’s account password again. macbook prompt user’s account password again. finally, display main login screen again. log back macadmin credentials. part b: visit https://appleid.apple.com/account proceed apple id creation. password match end user's day one password, need update password soon able. reference “welcome letter – macbook” onenote additional detail security question q&a. ensure check box unchecked bottom. select continue. you’ll prompt 6 digit pin email user. proceed you’ll need sign end user's webmail account verify account enter 6 digit pin. sample email content look like. part c: go apple menu->system preferences->network turn wifi, make sure connect ethernet temporarily. select ""advanced"" lower right hand corner. select proxies tab. uncheck box except web proxy http. set pa508-fg01.gmaccm.com port 3825. click ok apply prior menu. part d: next (quickly group policy change proxy) go apple menu->system preferences-> security & privacy click padlock unlock options needed, enter macadmin credentials. click filevault tab click ""turn filevault."" select ""set icloud account reset password."" continue. enter apple id email address create part b enter apple id password. select sign in. accept term conditions. select ""enable user"" next end user account. enter end user's berkadia password, select ok. click ok, continue. encryption proceed mac connect power.","3. Enable File Vault 3. Enable File Vault   Tuesday, September 13, 2016 9:54 AM Part A: (You should be logged in as macadmin) Go to Apple menu->System Preferences->Users & Groups.  Highlight user account of the end user that is logged in. Click padlock to unlock options, enter user’s credentials. Click “Create” to the right of “Mobile  Account.”  Additional boxes may pop up, click “Create” when prompted.  The MacBook will then prompt for the user’s account password again.      The MacBook will then prompt for the user’s account password again. Finally, it will display the main login screen once again. Log back in with the macadmin credentials. Part B: Visit https://appleid.apple.com/account and proceed with Apple ID creation.  Password should match the end user's day one password, they will need to update this password as  soon as they are able. Reference “Welcome Letter – Macbook” in Onenote for additional details and security question  Q&A. Ensure all check boxes are unchecked at the bottom.      Select Continue. You’ll be prompted for a 6 digit pin which will be emailed to the user.      To proceed you’ll need to sign into the end user's webmail account to verify the account by entering  the 6 digit pin. Below is a sample of what the email content looks like. Part C: Go to Apple menu->system preferences->Network Turn off wifi, make sure you're only connected over ethernet temporarily. Select ""advanced"" in the  lower right hand corner.      Select Proxies tab. Uncheck all boxes except for Web Proxy HTTP. Set pa508-fg01.gmaccm.com port  3825. Click OK then apply on the prior menu. Part D: Next (quickly before group policy changes the proxy) go to Apple menu->system preferences-> Security & Privacy Click the padlock to unlock options if needed, enter macadmin credentials. Click FileVault tab then  click ""Turn On FileVault.""      Select ""Set up my iCloud account to reset my password.""  Then Continue. Enter the apple ID email address you created in Part B and enter the apple ID password. Select Sign  In.      Accept terms and conditions. Select ""Enable User"" next to the end user account. Enter the end user's Berkadia password, then select OK.      Click OK, then continue. Encryption will now proceed if the Mac is connected to power.     ","3. enable file vault 3. enable file vault tuesday, september 13, 2016 9:54 part a: (you log macadmin) go apple menu->system preferences->users & groups. highlight user account end user log in. click padlock unlock options, enter user’s credentials. click “create” right “mobile account.” additional box may pop up, click “create” prompted. macbook prompt user’s account password again. macbook prompt user’s account password again. finally, display main login screen again. log back macadmin credentials. part b: visit https://appleid.apple.com/account proceed apple id creation. password match end user's day one password, need update password soon able. reference “welcome letter – macbook” onenote additional detail security question q&a. ensure check box unchecked bottom. select continue. you’ll prompt 6 digit pin email user. proceed you’ll need sign end user's webmail account verify account enter 6 digit pin. sample email content look like. part c: go apple menu->system preferences->network turn wifi, make sure connect ethernet temporarily. select ""advanced"" lower right hand corner. select proxies tab. uncheck box except web proxy http. set pa508-fg01.gmaccm.com port 3825. click ok apply prior menu. part d: next (quickly group policy change proxy) go apple menu->system preferences-> security & privacy click padlock unlock options needed, enter macadmin credentials. click filevault tab click ""turn filevault."" select ""set icloud account reset password."" continue. enter apple id email address create part b enter apple id password. select sign in. accept term conditions. select ""enable user"" next end user account. enter end user's berkadia password, select ok. click ok, continue. encryption proceed mac connect power."
13,4. Screen Sharing," Friday, November 13, 2015 8:32 AM Next we need to enable screen sharing, this will allow the help desk to remote assist mac user's from another mac.  Go into preferences Then select sharing. Check File Sharing, Remote Login and Remote Management. Add macadmin account to both Remote Login and Remote  Management by highlighting each, then clicking the ""+"" sign. When you add the macadmin account to remote management, you'll be prompted with additional options depicted  below. Check all boxes and click OK.      Close open window once complete.    ","[69, 0, 69, 776]","[540, 541]","4. Screen Sharing 4. Screen Sharing 4. Screen Sharing 4. Screen Sharing 4. Screen Sharing 4. Screen Sharing 4. Screen Sharing 4. Screen Sharing 4. Screen Sharing 4. Screen Sharing   Friday, November 13, 2015 8:32 AM Next we need to enable screen sharing, this will allow the help desk to remote assist mac user's from another mac.  Go into preferences Then select sharing. Check File Sharing, Remote Login and Remote Management. Add macadmin account to both Remote Login and Remote  Management by highlighting each, then clicking the ""+"" sign. When you add the macadmin account to remote management, you'll be prompted with additional options depicted  below. Check all boxes and click OK.      Close open window once complete.    ","4. screen share 4. screen share 4. screen share 4. screen share 4. screen share 4. screen share 4. screen share 4. screen share 4. screen share 4. screen share friday, november 13, 2015 8:32 next need enable screen sharing, allow help desk remote assist mac user's another mac. go preferences select sharing. check file sharing, remote login remote management. add macadmin account remote login remote management highlight each, click ""+"" sign. add macadmin account remote management, prompt additional options depict below. check box click ok. close open window complete.","4. Screen Sharing 4. Screen Sharing   Friday, November 13, 2015 8:32 AM Next we need to enable screen sharing, this will allow the help desk to remote assist mac user's from another mac.  Go into preferences Then select sharing. Check File Sharing, Remote Login and Remote Management. Add macadmin account to both Remote Login and Remote  Management by highlighting each, then clicking the ""+"" sign. When you add the macadmin account to remote management, you'll be prompted with additional options depicted  below. Check all boxes and click OK.      Close open window once complete.    ","4. screen share 4. screen share friday, november 13, 2015 8:32 next need enable screen sharing, allow help desk remote assist mac user's another mac. go preferences select sharing. check file sharing, remote login remote management. add macadmin account remote login remote management highlight each, click ""+"" sign. add macadmin account remote management, prompt additional options depict below. check box click ok. close open window complete."
14,5. Install SCCM For Mac," Monday, November 16, 2015 8:23 AM The installation file is located on the applic drive  Mac path smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , navigate to: _NonLicense->SCCM->Polaris_Dev_Mac-> SCCM_MacOS_Client folder PC path \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_NonLicense\SCCM\Polaris_Dev_Mac\SCCM_MacOS_Client Copy the contents of the folder to the desktop of the MacBook.  Open  SCCM folder and open Macclient.dmg file to being the installation Click Continue Then select install At this point the end user's account will have admin credentials to proceed.      Continue installation  Click restart to complete the installation Once you reboot and log back in Configuration Manager - Computer Enrollment will popup. Click next You will need to type in your domain admin account and the name of the SCCM server with the  FQDN - PA508CM1.gmaccm.com      Then click next Once enrollment has completed you will receive the message below. You may see a message  regarding an ""Untrusted Server,"" disregard and continue. You can also check to make sure that the installation was successful by going into preferences and  you will see Config Manager icon next to the Centrify Client. You can click on the client to see the cert, user and server information.         ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[542, 545]","5. Install SCCM For Mac 5. Install SCCM For Mac 5. Install SCCM For Mac 5. Install SCCM For Mac 5. Install SCCM For Mac 5. Install SCCM For Mac 5. Install SCCM For Mac 5. Install SCCM For Mac 5. Install SCCM For Mac 5. Install SCCM For Mac   Monday, November 16, 2015 8:23 AM The installation file is located on the applic drive  Mac path smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , navigate to: _NonLicense->SCCM->Polaris_Dev_Mac-> SCCM_MacOS_Client folder PC path \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_NonLicense\SCCM\Polaris_Dev_Mac\SCCM_MacOS_Client Copy the contents of the folder to the desktop of the MacBook.  Open  SCCM folder and open Macclient.dmg file to being the installation Click Continue Then select install At this point the end user's account will have admin credentials to proceed.      Continue installation  Click restart to complete the installation Once you reboot and log back in Configuration Manager - Computer Enrollment will popup. Click next You will need to type in your domain admin account and the name of the SCCM server with the  FQDN - PA508CM1.gmaccm.com      Then click next Once enrollment has completed you will receive the message below. You may see a message  regarding an ""Untrusted Server,"" disregard and continue. You can also check to make sure that the installation was successful by going into preferences and  you will see Config Manager icon next to the Centrify Client. You can click on the client to see the cert, user and server information.         ","5. install sccm mac 5. install sccm mac 5. install sccm mac 5. install sccm mac 5. install sccm mac 5. install sccm mac 5. install sccm mac 5. install sccm mac 5. install sccm mac 5. install sccm mac monday, november 16, 2015 8:23 installation file locate applic drive mac path smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , navigate to: _nonlicense->sccm->polaris_dev_mac-> sccm_macos_client folder pc path \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_nonlicense\sccm\polaris_dev_mac\sccm_macos_client copy content folder desktop macbook. open sccm folder open macclient.dmg file installation click continue select install point end user's account admin credentials proceed. continue installation click restart complete installation reboot log back configuration manager - computer enrollment popup. click next need type domain admin account name sccm server fqdn - pa508cm1.gmaccm.com click next enrollment complete receive message below. may see message regard ""untrusted server,"" disregard continue. also check make sure installation successful go preferences see config manager icon next centrify client. click client see cert, user server information.","5. Install SCCM For Mac 5. Install SCCM For Mac   Monday, November 16, 2015 8:23 AM The installation file is located on the applic drive  Mac path smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , navigate to: _NonLicense->SCCM->Polaris_Dev_Mac-> SCCM_MacOS_Client folder PC path \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_NonLicense\SCCM\Polaris_Dev_Mac\SCCM_MacOS_Client Copy the contents of the folder to the desktop of the MacBook.  Open  SCCM folder and open Macclient.dmg file to being the installation Click Continue Then select install At this point the end user's account will have admin credentials to proceed.      Continue installation  Click restart to complete the installation Once you reboot and log back in Configuration Manager - Computer Enrollment will popup. Click next You will need to type in your domain admin account and the name of the SCCM server with the  FQDN - PA508CM1.gmaccm.com      Then click next Once enrollment has completed you will receive the message below. You may see a message  regarding an ""Untrusted Server,"" disregard and continue. You can also check to make sure that the installation was successful by going into preferences and  you will see Config Manager icon next to the Centrify Client. You can click on the client to see the cert, user and server information.         ","5. install sccm mac 5. install sccm mac monday, november 16, 2015 8:23 installation file locate applic drive mac path smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , navigate to: _nonlicense->sccm->polaris_dev_mac-> sccm_macos_client folder pc path \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_nonlicense\sccm\polaris_dev_mac\sccm_macos_client copy content folder desktop macbook. open sccm folder open macclient.dmg file installation click continue select install point end user's account admin credentials proceed. continue installation click restart complete installation reboot log back configuration manager - computer enrollment popup. click next need type domain admin account name sccm server fqdn - pa508cm1.gmaccm.com click next enrollment complete receive message below. may see message regard ""untrusted server,"" disregard continue. also check make sure installation successful go preferences see config manager icon next centrify client. click client see cert, user server information."
15,6. Installing SCEP," Monday, November 16, 2015 8:54 AM Installation or System Center EndPoint Protection for Mac Mac path smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , navigate to: _NonLicense->SCCM->Polaris_Dev_Mac->SCEP_ 2012R2_MAC folder PC path \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_NonLicense\SCCM\Polaris_Dev_Mac\SCEP_2012R2_MAC Double click on the scep.i386-x86_64.en.dmg file to begin the installation Click on Install Click continue      Click continue again You will proceed to click continue again      Click continue Click Agree      Click Continue  Select Typical installation and then continue Enabled detection of potentially unwanted applications - then select continue      Select install You will need to enter the end user's credentials - then select install software Select Close      You will now see SCEP install in the top tool bar Two finger click / right click and select open System Center 2012 Endpoint Protection  First thing first we need to up the virus definitions on the system in order to do so, we need to setup  proxy configurations to allow the client to get out to the internet to update. Click on setup and then toggle advanced mode to configure proxy    Then select configure proxy server Check the box to use proxy server      Check the box to use proxy server Use - Proxy.gmaccm.com  : 8080 or 80 Select ok Once completed go back to the update tab and click on  Update Virus signature database to begin the virus definition updates.    ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[546, 552]","6. Installing SCEP 6. Installing SCEP 6. Installing SCEP 6. Installing SCEP 6. Installing SCEP 6. Installing SCEP 6. Installing SCEP 6. Installing SCEP 6. Installing SCEP 6. Installing SCEP   Monday, November 16, 2015 8:54 AM Installation or System Center EndPoint Protection for Mac Mac path smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , navigate to: _NonLicense->SCCM->Polaris_Dev_Mac->SCEP_ 2012R2_MAC folder PC path \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_NonLicense\SCCM\Polaris_Dev_Mac\SCEP_2012R2_MAC Double click on the scep.i386-x86_64.en.dmg file to begin the installation Click on Install Click continue      Click continue again You will proceed to click continue again      Click continue Click Agree      Click Continue  Select Typical installation and then continue Enabled detection of potentially unwanted applications - then select continue      Select install You will need to enter the end user's credentials - then select install software Select Close      You will now see SCEP install in the top tool bar Two finger click / right click and select open System Center 2012 Endpoint Protection  First thing first we need to up the virus definitions on the system in order to do so, we need to setup  proxy configurations to allow the client to get out to the internet to update. Click on setup and then toggle advanced mode to configure proxy    Then select configure proxy server Check the box to use proxy server      Check the box to use proxy server Use - Proxy.gmaccm.com  : 8080 or 80 Select ok Once completed go back to the update tab and click on  Update Virus signature database to begin the virus definition updates.    ","6. instal scep 6. instal scep 6. instal scep 6. instal scep 6. instal scep 6. instal scep 6. instal scep 6. instal scep 6. instal scep 6. instal scep monday, november 16, 2015 8:54 installation system center endpoint protection mac mac path smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , navigate to: _nonlicense->sccm->polaris_dev_mac->scep_ 2012r2_mac folder pc path \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_nonlicense\sccm\polaris_dev_mac\scep_2012r2_mac double click scep.i386-x86_64.en.dmg file begin installation click install click continue click continue proceed click continue click continue click agree click continue select typical installation continue enable detection potentially unwanted applications - select continue select install need enter end user's credentials - select install software select close see scep install top tool bar two finger click / right click select open system center 2012 endpoint protection first thing first need virus definitions system order so, need setup proxy configurations allow client get internet update. click setup toggle advance mode configure proxy select configure proxy server check box use proxy server check box use proxy server use - proxy.gmaccm.com : 8080 80 select ok complete go back update tab click update virus signature database begin virus definition updates.","6. Installing SCEP 6. Installing SCEP   Monday, November 16, 2015 8:54 AM Installation or System Center EndPoint Protection for Mac Mac path smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , navigate to: _NonLicense->SCCM->Polaris_Dev_Mac->SCEP_ 2012R2_MAC folder PC path \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_NonLicense\SCCM\Polaris_Dev_Mac\SCEP_2012R2_MAC Double click on the scep.i386-x86_64.en.dmg file to begin the installation Click on Install Click continue      Click continue again You will proceed to click continue again      Click continue Click Agree      Click Continue  Select Typical installation and then continue Enabled detection of potentially unwanted applications - then select continue      Select install You will need to enter the end user's credentials - then select install software Select Close      You will now see SCEP install in the top tool bar Two finger click / right click and select open System Center 2012 Endpoint Protection  First thing first we need to up the virus definitions on the system in order to do so, we need to setup  proxy configurations to allow the client to get out to the internet to update. Click on setup and then toggle advanced mode to configure proxy    Then select configure proxy server Check the box to use proxy server      Check the box to use proxy server Use - Proxy.gmaccm.com  : 8080 or 80 Select ok Once completed go back to the update tab and click on  Update Virus signature database to begin the virus definition updates.    ","6. instal scep 6. instal scep monday, november 16, 2015 8:54 installation system center endpoint protection mac mac path smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , navigate to: _nonlicense->sccm->polaris_dev_mac->scep_ 2012r2_mac folder pc path \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_nonlicense\sccm\polaris_dev_mac\scep_2012r2_mac double click scep.i386-x86_64.en.dmg file begin installation click install click continue click continue proceed click continue click continue click agree click continue select typical installation continue enable detection potentially unwanted applications - select continue select install need enter end user's credentials - select install software select close see scep install top tool bar two finger click / right click select open system center 2012 endpoint protection first thing first need virus definitions system order so, need setup proxy configurations allow client get internet update. click setup toggle advance mode configure proxy select configure proxy server check box use proxy server check box use proxy server use - proxy.gmaccm.com : 8080 80 select ok complete go back update tab click update virus signature database begin virus definition updates."
16,7. How to Install Websense," Tuesday, November 17, 2015 3:33 PM Application Location Mac path smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , navigate to: _NonLicense->SCCM->Polaris_Dev_Mac-> LogonApp for Mac PC path \\gmaccm.com\applic\Applic\_NonLicense\SCCM\LogonApp for Mac\ Copy installation folder from the Polaris Dev Mac folder to the desktop of the client's Mac. Open up terminal and browse to the LogonApp820 folder and change directory to that folder. Cd desktop/LogonApp for Mac/LogonApp820 You can ""tab"" out this path as you would within a windows command prompt. Keep in  mind, for this to work in terminal, the characters are case sensitive. Now type the command inside the quotes: ""./Logonapp.install –ah 172.18.2.132"" and press  enter. The Application will now install and show a success. Now go to https://testdatabasewebsense.com and test any of the links and see if it is working. If  it is you will see the image below. Logonapp will now be displayed in the Applications folder. We need to add the logonapp to the LogonItems to ensure it starts up as soon as the user logs  in. Select Apple menu->system preferences->users and groups      Now select the end user's account you wish to add the logon item to.  Click the “Logon Item” tab, then drag and drop the Logonapp from Applications into the logon  items of the user. You can also accomplish this by clicking the ""+"" icon and browsing to  Applications, then selecting LogonApp.    ","[72, 0, 72, 779]","[553, 554]","7. How to Install Websense 7. How to Install Websense 7. How to Install Websense 7. How to Install Websense 7. How to Install Websense 7. How to Install Websense 7. How to Install Websense 7. How to Install Websense 7. How to Install Websense 7. How to Install Websense   Tuesday, November 17, 2015 3:33 PM Application Location Mac path smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , navigate to: _NonLicense->SCCM->Polaris_Dev_Mac-> LogonApp for Mac PC path \\gmaccm.com\applic\Applic\_NonLicense\SCCM\LogonApp for Mac\ Copy installation folder from the Polaris Dev Mac folder to the desktop of the client's Mac. Open up terminal and browse to the LogonApp820 folder and change directory to that folder. Cd desktop/LogonApp for Mac/LogonApp820 You can ""tab"" out this path as you would within a windows command prompt. Keep in  mind, for this to work in terminal, the characters are case sensitive. Now type the command inside the quotes: ""./Logonapp.install –ah 172.18.2.132"" and press  enter. The Application will now install and show a success. Now go to https://testdatabasewebsense.com and test any of the links and see if it is working. If  it is you will see the image below. Logonapp will now be displayed in the Applications folder. We need to add the logonapp to the LogonItems to ensure it starts up as soon as the user logs  in. Select Apple menu->system preferences->users and groups      Now select the end user's account you wish to add the logon item to.  Click the “Logon Item” tab, then drag and drop the Logonapp from Applications into the logon  items of the user. You can also accomplish this by clicking the ""+"" icon and browsing to  Applications, then selecting LogonApp.    ","7. install websense 7. install websense 7. install websense 7. install websense 7. install websense 7. install websense 7. install websense 7. install websense 7. install websense 7. install websense tuesday, november 17, 2015 3:33 pm application location mac path smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , navigate to: _nonlicense->sccm->polaris_dev_mac-> logonapp mac pc path \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_nonlicense\sccm\logonapp mac\ copy installation folder polaris dev mac folder desktop client's mac. open terminal browse logonapp820 folder change directory folder. cd desktop/logonapp mac/logonapp820 ""tab"" path would within windows command prompt. keep mind, work terminal, character case sensitive. type command inside quotes: ""./logonapp.install –ah 172.18.2.132"" press enter. application install show success. go https://testdatabasewebsense.com test link see working. see image below. logonapp display applications folder. need add logonapp logonitems ensure start soon user log in. select apple menu->system preferences->users group select end user's account wish add logon item to. click “logon item” tab, drag drop logonapp applications logon items user. also accomplish click ""+"" icon browse applications, select logonapp.","7. How to Install Websense 7. How to Install Websense   Tuesday, November 17, 2015 3:33 PM Application Location Mac path smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , navigate to: _NonLicense->SCCM->Polaris_Dev_Mac-> LogonApp for Mac PC path \\gmaccm.com\applic\Applic\_NonLicense\SCCM\LogonApp for Mac\ Copy installation folder from the Polaris Dev Mac folder to the desktop of the client's Mac. Open up terminal and browse to the LogonApp820 folder and change directory to that folder. Cd desktop/LogonApp for Mac/LogonApp820 You can ""tab"" out this path as you would within a windows command prompt. Keep in  mind, for this to work in terminal, the characters are case sensitive. Now type the command inside the quotes: ""./Logonapp.install –ah 172.18.2.132"" and press  enter. The Application will now install and show a success. Now go to https://testdatabasewebsense.com and test any of the links and see if it is working. If  it is you will see the image below. Logonapp will now be displayed in the Applications folder. We need to add the logonapp to the LogonItems to ensure it starts up as soon as the user logs  in. Select Apple menu->system preferences->users and groups      Now select the end user's account you wish to add the logon item to.  Click the “Logon Item” tab, then drag and drop the Logonapp from Applications into the logon  items of the user. You can also accomplish this by clicking the ""+"" icon and browsing to  Applications, then selecting LogonApp.    ","7. install websense 7. install websense tuesday, november 17, 2015 3:33 pm application location mac path smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , navigate to: _nonlicense->sccm->polaris_dev_mac-> logonapp mac pc path \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_nonlicense\sccm\logonapp mac\ copy installation folder polaris dev mac folder desktop client's mac. open terminal browse logonapp820 folder change directory folder. cd desktop/logonapp mac/logonapp820 ""tab"" path would within windows command prompt. keep mind, work terminal, character case sensitive. type command inside quotes: ""./logonapp.install –ah 172.18.2.132"" press enter. application install show success. go https://testdatabasewebsense.com test link see working. see image below. logonapp display applications folder. need add logonapp logonitems ensure start soon user log in. select apple menu->system preferences->users group select end user's account wish add logon item to. click “logon item” tab, drag drop logonapp applications logon items user. also accomplish click ""+"" icon browse applications, select logonapp."
17,7a. Uninstall Websense for Mac," Thursday, November 12, 2015 1:31 PM Run the Command ./LogonApp.install -uninstall -sp AdminPassword    ","[72, 0, 194, 779]",[555],"7a. Uninstall Websense for Mac 7a. Uninstall Websense for Mac 7a. Uninstall Websense for Mac 7a. Uninstall Websense for Mac 7a. Uninstall Websense for Mac 7a. Uninstall Websense for Mac 7a. Uninstall Websense for Mac 7a. Uninstall Websense for Mac 7a. Uninstall Websense for Mac 7a. Uninstall Websense for Mac   Thursday, November 12, 2015 1:31 PM Run the Command ./LogonApp.install -uninstall -sp AdminPassword    ","7a. uninstall websense mac 7a. uninstall websense mac 7a. uninstall websense mac 7a. uninstall websense mac 7a. uninstall websense mac 7a. uninstall websense mac 7a. uninstall websense mac 7a. uninstall websense mac 7a. uninstall websense mac 7a. uninstall websense mac thursday, november 12, 2015 1:31 pm run command ./logonapp.install -uninstall -sp adminpassword","7a. Uninstall Websense for Mac 7a. Uninstall Websense for Mac   Thursday, November 12, 2015 1:31 PM Run the Command ./LogonApp.install -uninstall -sp AdminPassword    ","7a. uninstall websense mac 7a. uninstall websense mac thursday, november 12, 2015 1:31 pm run command ./logonapp.install -uninstall -sp adminpassword"
18,8. Installing Forticlient for Mac," Monday, November 16, 2015 9:25 AM The location of the installation file is on applic Mac path smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , navigate to: _NonLicense->SCCM->Polaris_Dev_Mac-> FortiClientMac PC path \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_NonLicense\SCCM\Polaris_Dev_Mac\FortiClientMac Then run FortiClient_5.4.3.529_macosx.dmg Select Continue      Select continue again Select agree to the terms of software      Select Customize, uncheck ""Other Components"" then select Install. If left checked during the  installation, additional unnecessary software will install and likely cause confusion. Type the username and password of an account with admin rights. This can include macadmin or   any account that has been granted local admin rights through Apple Menu->System Preferences-> Users & Groups. Select install software Once the installation is completed select close      Once the installation is completed select close Once the installation is completed FortiClient will appear in the tool bar as well as ""Applications.""    ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[556, 559]","8. Installing Forticlient for Mac 8. Installing Forticlient for Mac 8. Installing Forticlient for Mac 8. Installing Forticlient for Mac 8. Installing Forticlient for Mac 8. Installing Forticlient for Mac 8. Installing Forticlient for Mac 8. Installing Forticlient for Mac 8. Installing Forticlient for Mac 8. Installing Forticlient for Mac   Monday, November 16, 2015 9:25 AM The location of the installation file is on applic Mac path smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , navigate to: _NonLicense->SCCM->Polaris_Dev_Mac-> FortiClientMac PC path \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_NonLicense\SCCM\Polaris_Dev_Mac\FortiClientMac Then run FortiClient_5.4.3.529_macosx.dmg Select Continue      Select continue again Select agree to the terms of software      Select Customize, uncheck ""Other Components"" then select Install. If left checked during the  installation, additional unnecessary software will install and likely cause confusion. Type the username and password of an account with admin rights. This can include macadmin or   any account that has been granted local admin rights through Apple Menu->System Preferences-> Users & Groups. Select install software Once the installation is completed select close      Once the installation is completed select close Once the installation is completed FortiClient will appear in the tool bar as well as ""Applications.""    ","8. instal forticlient mac 8. instal forticlient mac 8. instal forticlient mac 8. instal forticlient mac 8. instal forticlient mac 8. instal forticlient mac 8. instal forticlient mac 8. instal forticlient mac 8. instal forticlient mac 8. instal forticlient mac monday, november 16, 2015 9:25 location installation file applic mac path smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , navigate to: _nonlicense->sccm->polaris_dev_mac-> forticlientmac pc path \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_nonlicense\sccm\polaris_dev_mac\forticlientmac run forticlient_5.4.3.529_macosx.dmg select continue select continue select agree term software select customize, uncheck ""other components"" select install. leave check installation, additional unnecessary software install likely cause confusion. type username password account admin rights. include macadmin account grant local admin right apple menu->system preferences-> users & groups. select install software installation complete select close installation complete select close installation complete forticlient appear tool bar well ""applications.""","8. Installing Forticlient for Mac 8. Installing Forticlient for Mac   Monday, November 16, 2015 9:25 AM The location of the installation file is on applic Mac path smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , navigate to: _NonLicense->SCCM->Polaris_Dev_Mac-> FortiClientMac PC path \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_NonLicense\SCCM\Polaris_Dev_Mac\FortiClientMac Then run FortiClient_5.4.3.529_macosx.dmg Select Continue      Select continue again Select agree to the terms of software      Select Customize, uncheck ""Other Components"" then select Install. If left checked during the  installation, additional unnecessary software will install and likely cause confusion. Type the username and password of an account with admin rights. This can include macadmin or   any account that has been granted local admin rights through Apple Menu->System Preferences-> Users & Groups. Select install software Once the installation is completed select close      Once the installation is completed select close Once the installation is completed FortiClient will appear in the tool bar as well as ""Applications.""    ","8. instal forticlient mac 8. instal forticlient mac monday, november 16, 2015 9:25 location installation file applic mac path smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , navigate to: _nonlicense->sccm->polaris_dev_mac-> forticlientmac pc path \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_nonlicense\sccm\polaris_dev_mac\forticlientmac run forticlient_5.4.3.529_macosx.dmg select continue select continue select agree term software select customize, uncheck ""other components"" select install. leave check installation, additional unnecessary software install likely cause confusion. type username password account admin rights. include macadmin account grant local admin right apple menu->system preferences-> users & groups. select install software installation complete select close installation complete select close installation complete forticlient appear tool bar well ""applications."""
19,800 G2 Desktop SFF," Friday, August 5, 2016 11:08 AM Hardware Service Guide 800g2_desk topmini_...      840 G3 Laptop Friday, August 5, 2016 10:56 AM Back cover removal instructions Battery removal instructions Hard drive removal instructions 840 G3 Back Cove... 840 G3 Battery R... 840 G3 Hard Driv... Full Hardware Service Guide HP 840 G3 Hardware...    ","[49, 5, 54, 783]","[1291, 1292]","800 G2 Desktop SFF 800 G2 Desktop SFF 800 G2 Desktop SFF 800 G2 Desktop SFF 800 G2 Desktop SFF 800 G2 Desktop SFF 800 G2 Desktop SFF 800 G2 Desktop SFF 800 G2 Desktop SFF 800 G2 Desktop SFF   Friday, August 5, 2016 11:08 AM Hardware Service Guide 800g2_desk topmini_...      840 G3 Laptop Friday, August 5, 2016 10:56 AM Back cover removal instructions Battery removal instructions Hard drive removal instructions 840 G3 Back Cove... 840 G3 Battery R... 840 G3 Hard Driv... Full Hardware Service Guide HP 840 G3 Hardware...    ","800 g2 desktop sff 800 g2 desktop sff 800 g2 desktop sff 800 g2 desktop sff 800 g2 desktop sff 800 g2 desktop sff 800 g2 desktop sff 800 g2 desktop sff 800 g2 desktop sff 800 g2 desktop sff friday, august 5, 2016 11:08 hardware service guide 800g2_desk topmini_... 840 g3 laptop friday, august 5, 2016 10:56 back cover removal instructions battery removal instructions hard drive removal instructions 840 g3 back cove... 840 g3 battery r... 840 g3 hard driv... full hardware service guide hp 840 g3 hardware...","800 G2 Desktop SFF 800 G2 Desktop SFF   Friday, August 5, 2016 11:08 AM Hardware Service Guide 800g2_desk topmini_...      840 G3 Laptop Friday, August 5, 2016 10:56 AM Back cover removal instructions Battery removal instructions Hard drive removal instructions 840 G3 Back Cove... 840 G3 Battery R... 840 G3 Hard Driv... Full Hardware Service Guide HP 840 G3 Hardware...    ","800 g2 desktop sff 800 g2 desktop sff friday, august 5, 2016 11:08 hardware service guide 800g2_desk topmini_... 840 g3 laptop friday, august 5, 2016 10:56 back cover removal instructions battery removal instructions hard drive removal instructions 840 g3 back cove... 840 g3 battery r... 840 g3 hard driv... full hardware service guide hp 840 g3 hardware..."
20,800 G3 Desktop," Friday, June 1, 2018 2:55 PM Hardware Service Guide Hardware Reference...    ","[51, 5, 108, 784]",[1267],"800 G3 Desktop 800 G3 Desktop 800 G3 Desktop 800 G3 Desktop 800 G3 Desktop 800 G3 Desktop 800 G3 Desktop 800 G3 Desktop 800 G3 Desktop 800 G3 Desktop   Friday, June 1, 2018 2:55 PM Hardware Service Guide Hardware Reference...    ","800 g3 desktop 800 g3 desktop 800 g3 desktop 800 g3 desktop 800 g3 desktop 800 g3 desktop 800 g3 desktop 800 g3 desktop 800 g3 desktop 800 g3 desktop friday, june 1, 2018 2:55 pm hardware service guide hardware reference...","800 G3 Desktop 800 G3 Desktop   Friday, June 1, 2018 2:55 PM Hardware Service Guide Hardware Reference...    ","800 g3 desktop 800 g3 desktop friday, june 1, 2018 2:55 pm hardware service guide hardware reference..."
21,800g1 BIOS Flash," Thursday, February 25, 2016 5:14 PM On the machine you are working on, copy the BIOS Flash from ""\\Gmaccm.com\applic\APPLIC\osd \HP BIOS"" to c:\temp Launch the installer that will extract the BIOS Flash utility Yes at UAC prompt Step through the wizard by clicking Next, Next, Next      Close the BIOS Flash Update information page that pops up **IF** the Program Compatibility Assistant pops up click This program installed correctly Open Windows Explorer and browse to C:\swsetup\SP72232\HPQFlash      Open Windows Explorer and browse to C:\swsetup\SP72232\HPQFlash Run HpqFlash Yes at the UAC prompt Click Next to start the wizard      Click Next on the version comparison page BIOS Flash will begin      Once the flash has finished writing, it will come up with a countdown and restart Computer will boot up to the login screen    ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[1218, 1222]","800g1 BIOS Flash 800g1 BIOS Flash 800g1 BIOS Flash 800g1 BIOS Flash 800g1 BIOS Flash 800g1 BIOS Flash 800g1 BIOS Flash 800g1 BIOS Flash 800g1 BIOS Flash 800g1 BIOS Flash   Thursday, February 25, 2016 5:14 PM On the machine you are working on, copy the BIOS Flash from ""\\Gmaccm.com\applic\APPLIC\osd \HP BIOS"" to c:\temp Launch the installer that will extract the BIOS Flash utility Yes at UAC prompt Step through the wizard by clicking Next, Next, Next      Close the BIOS Flash Update information page that pops up **IF** the Program Compatibility Assistant pops up click This program installed correctly Open Windows Explorer and browse to C:\swsetup\SP72232\HPQFlash      Open Windows Explorer and browse to C:\swsetup\SP72232\HPQFlash Run HpqFlash Yes at the UAC prompt Click Next to start the wizard      Click Next on the version comparison page BIOS Flash will begin      Once the flash has finished writing, it will come up with a countdown and restart Computer will boot up to the login screen    ","800g1 bios flash 800g1 bios flash 800g1 bios flash 800g1 bios flash 800g1 bios flash 800g1 bios flash 800g1 bios flash 800g1 bios flash 800g1 bios flash 800g1 bios flash thursday, february 25, 2016 5:14 pm machine work on, copy bios flash ""\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\osd \hp bios"" c:\temp launch installer extract bios flash utility yes uac prompt step wizard click next, next, next close bios flash update information page pop **if** program compatibility assistant pop click program instal correctly open windows explorer browse c:\swsetup\sp72232\hpqflash open windows explorer browse c:\swsetup\sp72232\hpqflash run hpqflash yes uac prompt click next start wizard click next version comparison page bios flash begin flash finish writing, come countdown restart computer boot login screen","800g1 BIOS Flash 800g1 BIOS Flash   Thursday, February 25, 2016 5:14 PM On the machine you are working on, copy the BIOS Flash from ""\\Gmaccm.com\applic\APPLIC\osd \HP BIOS"" to c:\temp Launch the installer that will extract the BIOS Flash utility Yes at UAC prompt Step through the wizard by clicking Next, Next, Next      Close the BIOS Flash Update information page that pops up **IF** the Program Compatibility Assistant pops up click This program installed correctly Open Windows Explorer and browse to C:\swsetup\SP72232\HPQFlash      Open Windows Explorer and browse to C:\swsetup\SP72232\HPQFlash Run HpqFlash Yes at the UAC prompt Click Next to start the wizard      Click Next on the version comparison page BIOS Flash will begin      Once the flash has finished writing, it will come up with a countdown and restart Computer will boot up to the login screen    ","800g1 bios flash 800g1 bios flash thursday, february 25, 2016 5:14 pm machine work on, copy bios flash ""\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\osd \hp bios"" c:\temp launch installer extract bios flash utility yes uac prompt step wizard click next, next, next close bios flash update information page pop **if** program compatibility assistant pop click program instal correctly open windows explorer browse c:\swsetup\sp72232\hpqflash open windows explorer browse c:\swsetup\sp72232\hpqflash run hpqflash yes uac prompt click next start wizard click next version comparison page bios flash begin flash finish writing, come countdown restart computer boot login screen"
22,802.1x Troubleshooting," Monday, June 30, 2014 10:13 AM Remove any expired and unneeded certificates from the local machine certificate store. Update NIC drivers to the latest available. Ensure the Wired Auto Config Service is started. Ensure group policy is updated.  NIC adapter authentication tab should look like this: If user is plugged in through an Avaya/Nortel phone, have the user plug in directly to a port  and bypass the phone. From an elevated command prompt: netsh lan reconnect. Sometimes unplugging the device and replugging it back in will resolve the issue.    ","[72, 0, 166, 775]",[655],"802.1x Troubleshooting 802.1x Troubleshooting 802.1x Troubleshooting 802.1x Troubleshooting 802.1x Troubleshooting 802.1x Troubleshooting 802.1x Troubleshooting 802.1x Troubleshooting 802.1x Troubleshooting 802.1x Troubleshooting   Monday, June 30, 2014 10:13 AM Remove any expired and unneeded certificates from the local machine certificate store. Update NIC drivers to the latest available. Ensure the Wired Auto Config Service is started. Ensure group policy is updated.  NIC adapter authentication tab should look like this: If user is plugged in through an Avaya/Nortel phone, have the user plug in directly to a port  and bypass the phone. From an elevated command prompt: netsh lan reconnect. Sometimes unplugging the device and replugging it back in will resolve the issue.    ","802.1x troubleshoot 802.1x troubleshoot 802.1x troubleshoot 802.1x troubleshoot 802.1x troubleshoot 802.1x troubleshoot 802.1x troubleshoot 802.1x troubleshoot 802.1x troubleshoot 802.1x troubleshoot monday, june 30, 2014 10:13 remove expire unneeded certificate local machine certificate store. update nic drivers latest available. ensure wire auto config service started. ensure group policy updated. nic adapter authentication tab look like this: user plug avaya/nortel phone, user plug directly port bypass phone. elevate command prompt: netsh lan reconnect. sometimes unplug device replugging back resolve issue.","802.1x Troubleshooting 802.1x Troubleshooting   Monday, June 30, 2014 10:13 AM Remove any expired and unneeded certificates from the local machine certificate store. Update NIC drivers to the latest available. Ensure the Wired Auto Config Service is started. Ensure group policy is updated.  NIC adapter authentication tab should look like this: If user is plugged in through an Avaya/Nortel phone, have the user plug in directly to a port  and bypass the phone. From an elevated command prompt: netsh lan reconnect. Sometimes unplugging the device and replugging it back in will resolve the issue.    ","802.1x troubleshoot 802.1x troubleshoot monday, june 30, 2014 10:13 remove expire unneeded certificate local machine certificate store. update nic drivers latest available. ensure wire auto config service started. ensure group policy updated. nic adapter authentication tab look like this: user plug avaya/nortel phone, user plug directly port bypass phone. elevate command prompt: netsh lan reconnect. sometimes unplug device replugging back resolve issue."
23,840 G3 BIOS Flash," Tuesday, August 16, 2016 2:06 PM On the machine you are working on, copy the current BIOS Flash from  ""\\Gmaccm.com\applic \APPLIC\osd\HP BIOS"" to c:\temp Launch the installer that will extract the BIOS Flash utility On the User Account Control prompt click Yes Click Next      Select I accept the terms of the license agreement and click Next Click Next      Click Next Select Proceed without creating partition and click Next      Click Next Click Next      BIOS update will start Laptop will reboot Laptop screen will stay black for one or two minutes LAPTOP WILL SOUND SEVERAL SERIES OF BEEPS, THIS IS NORMAL YOU HAVE NOT DONE  ANYTHING WRONG Fan will start to run Laptop screen will stay black for one or two minutes DXE Update Screen will come up      Laptop will reboot and boot to Windows    ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[1203, 1208]","840 G3 BIOS Flash 840 G3 BIOS Flash 840 G3 BIOS Flash 840 G3 BIOS Flash 840 G3 BIOS Flash 840 G3 BIOS Flash 840 G3 BIOS Flash 840 G3 BIOS Flash 840 G3 BIOS Flash 840 G3 BIOS Flash   Tuesday, August 16, 2016 2:06 PM On the machine you are working on, copy the current BIOS Flash from  ""\\Gmaccm.com\applic \APPLIC\osd\HP BIOS"" to c:\temp Launch the installer that will extract the BIOS Flash utility On the User Account Control prompt click Yes Click Next      Select I accept the terms of the license agreement and click Next Click Next      Click Next Select Proceed without creating partition and click Next      Click Next Click Next      BIOS update will start Laptop will reboot Laptop screen will stay black for one or two minutes LAPTOP WILL SOUND SEVERAL SERIES OF BEEPS, THIS IS NORMAL YOU HAVE NOT DONE  ANYTHING WRONG Fan will start to run Laptop screen will stay black for one or two minutes DXE Update Screen will come up      Laptop will reboot and boot to Windows    ","840 g3 bios flash 840 g3 bios flash 840 g3 bios flash 840 g3 bios flash 840 g3 bios flash 840 g3 bios flash 840 g3 bios flash 840 g3 bios flash 840 g3 bios flash 840 g3 bios flash tuesday, august 16, 2016 2:06 pm machine work on, copy current bios flash ""\\gmaccm.com\applic \applic\osd\hp bios"" c:\temp launch installer extract bios flash utility user account control prompt click yes click next select accept term license agreement click next click next click next select proceed without create partition click next click next click next bios update start laptop reboot laptop screen stay black one two minutes laptop sound several series beeps, normal do anything wrong fan start run laptop screen stay black one two minutes dxe update screen come laptop reboot boot windows","840 G3 BIOS Flash 840 G3 BIOS Flash   Tuesday, August 16, 2016 2:06 PM On the machine you are working on, copy the current BIOS Flash from  ""\\Gmaccm.com\applic \APPLIC\osd\HP BIOS"" to c:\temp Launch the installer that will extract the BIOS Flash utility On the User Account Control prompt click Yes Click Next      Select I accept the terms of the license agreement and click Next Click Next      Click Next Select Proceed without creating partition and click Next      Click Next Click Next      BIOS update will start Laptop will reboot Laptop screen will stay black for one or two minutes LAPTOP WILL SOUND SEVERAL SERIES OF BEEPS, THIS IS NORMAL YOU HAVE NOT DONE  ANYTHING WRONG Fan will start to run Laptop screen will stay black for one or two minutes DXE Update Screen will come up      Laptop will reboot and boot to Windows    ","840 g3 bios flash 840 g3 bios flash tuesday, august 16, 2016 2:06 pm machine work on, copy current bios flash ""\\gmaccm.com\applic \applic\osd\hp bios"" c:\temp launch installer extract bios flash utility user account control prompt click yes click next select accept term license agreement click next click next click next select proceed without create partition click next click next click next bios update start laptop reboot laptop screen stay black one two minutes laptop sound several series beeps, normal do anything wrong fan start run laptop screen stay black one two minutes dxe update screen come laptop reboot boot windows"
24,840 G3 Intermittent Screen Flicker," Tuesday, July 17, 2018 4:20 PM Several users on 840 G3 have encountered an issue with screen flickering throughout the day  accompanied by unresponsive keyboard and system for a few seconds before returning to normal.  All users who reported this issue were running on Windows 10 but keep in mind that it could also  possibly affects Windows 7 as well.  Related event viewer System error - Event ID 4101: ""Display driver igfx stopped responding and has successfully recovered"" The following steps are being tested to mitigate this issue: 1) 2) 3) Update to the latest 840 G3 driver under \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\OSD\Drivers\x64 Update HP UltraSlim Dock firmware under \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\OSD\Firmware (only  work for the newer model) Increase graphic memory in BIOS setting under Advanced > Built-In Device Options > Video  memory size. The default is set to 32MB. I've only tested 512MB setting but users have not  reported any more flickering issue. Feel free to try other configuration such as 128 or 256MB  and document your result. Reference tickets: BIT427591    ","[72, 0, 162, 775]",[689],"840 G3 Intermittent Screen Flicker 840 G3 Intermittent Screen Flicker 840 G3 Intermittent Screen Flicker 840 G3 Intermittent Screen Flicker 840 G3 Intermittent Screen Flicker 840 G3 Intermittent Screen Flicker 840 G3 Intermittent Screen Flicker 840 G3 Intermittent Screen Flicker 840 G3 Intermittent Screen Flicker 840 G3 Intermittent Screen Flicker   Tuesday, July 17, 2018 4:20 PM Several users on 840 G3 have encountered an issue with screen flickering throughout the day  accompanied by unresponsive keyboard and system for a few seconds before returning to normal.  All users who reported this issue were running on Windows 10 but keep in mind that it could also  possibly affects Windows 7 as well.  Related event viewer System error - Event ID 4101: ""Display driver igfx stopped responding and has successfully recovered"" The following steps are being tested to mitigate this issue: 1) 2) 3) Update to the latest 840 G3 driver under \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\OSD\Drivers\x64 Update HP UltraSlim Dock firmware under \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\OSD\Firmware (only  work for the newer model) Increase graphic memory in BIOS setting under Advanced > Built-In Device Options > Video  memory size. The default is set to 32MB. I've only tested 512MB setting but users have not  reported any more flickering issue. Feel free to try other configuration such as 128 or 256MB  and document your result. Reference tickets: BIT427591    ","840 g3 intermittent screen flicker 840 g3 intermittent screen flicker 840 g3 intermittent screen flicker 840 g3 intermittent screen flicker 840 g3 intermittent screen flicker 840 g3 intermittent screen flicker 840 g3 intermittent screen flicker 840 g3 intermittent screen flicker 840 g3 intermittent screen flicker 840 g3 intermittent screen flicker tuesday, july 17, 2018 4:20 pm several users 840 g3 encounter issue screen flicker throughout day accompany unresponsive keyboard system second return normal. users report issue run windows 10 keep mind could also possibly affect windows 7 well. relate event viewer system error - event id 4101: ""display driver igfx stop respond successfully recovered"" follow step test mitigate issue: 1) 2) 3) update latest 840 g3 driver \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\osd\drivers\x64 update hp ultraslim dock firmware \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\osd\firmware (only work newer model) increase graphic memory bios set advance > built-in device options > video memory size. default set 32mb. i've test 512mb set users report flicker issue. feel free try configuration 128 256mb document result. reference tickets: bit427591","840 G3 Intermittent Screen Flicker 840 G3 Intermittent Screen Flicker   Tuesday, July 17, 2018 4:20 PM Several users on 840 G3 have encountered an issue with screen flickering throughout the day  accompanied by unresponsive keyboard and system for a few seconds before returning to normal.  All users who reported this issue were running on Windows 10 but keep in mind that it could also  possibly affects Windows 7 as well.  Related event viewer System error - Event ID 4101: ""Display driver igfx stopped responding and has successfully recovered"" The following steps are being tested to mitigate this issue: 1) 2) 3) Update to the latest 840 G3 driver under \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\OSD\Drivers\x64 Update HP UltraSlim Dock firmware under \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\OSD\Firmware (only  work for the newer model) Increase graphic memory in BIOS setting under Advanced > Built-In Device Options > Video  memory size. The default is set to 32MB. I've only tested 512MB setting but users have not  reported any more flickering issue. Feel free to try other configuration such as 128 or 256MB  and document your result. Reference tickets: BIT427591    ","840 g3 intermittent screen flicker 840 g3 intermittent screen flicker tuesday, july 17, 2018 4:20 pm several users 840 g3 encounter issue screen flicker throughout day accompany unresponsive keyboard system second return normal. users report issue run windows 10 keep mind could also possibly affect windows 7 well. relate event viewer system error - event id 4101: ""display driver igfx stop respond successfully recovered"" follow step test mitigate issue: 1) 2) 3) update latest 840 g3 driver \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\osd\drivers\x64 update hp ultraslim dock firmware \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\osd\firmware (only work newer model) increase graphic memory bios set advance > built-in device options > video memory size. default set 32mb. i've test 512mb set users report flicker issue. feel free try configuration 128 256mb document result. reference tickets: bit427591"
25,840 G3 running Windows 10," Thursday, December 1, 2016 5:15 PM ARCHIVED - WE NO LONGER INSTALL CHECKPOINT ON MACHINES RUNNING WINDOWS 10 DRAFT - THIS IS DOCUMENTATION FOR INSTALLING CHECKPOINT ON AN 840 G3 LAPTOP THAT IS  RUNNING WINDOWS 10 IN UEFI MODE **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** VERIFY THAT WINDOWS UPDATES THAT INTERFERE WITH CHECKPOINT ARE NOT INSTALLED. Login to  Windows. Click Control Panel --> Programs --> Programs and Features --> View installed updates. Search  for the following updates and if they are installed, uninstall them: KB3216755 and KB3213986. Restart as  needed.  Reboot the laptop. Press [F10] to boot to BIOS. Click Advanced  Boot Options. Make sure that Fast Boot is unchecked.  Click Advanced  Secure Boot Configuration. Where it says Configure Legacy Support and Secure Boot  click the pull down and select Legacy Support Disable and Secure Boot Disable. Click Exit and when prompted to save changes click Yes. Laptop will reboot. You will see a message that says “Secure Boot” at the top and reads “A request has been made to change  the system’s secure boot configuration……” with a 4-digit code at the bottom. You will need to type the 4- digit code displayed on the screen to proceed. Type the 4-digit code and hit [ENTER]. Laptop will beep  several times and reboot. Boot to Windows and login. Click the Start button --> Power button --> Hold down the [SHIFT] KEY AND  WHILE HOLDING IT DOWN click Restart and restart the machine Select the “Troubleshoot” tile on the Choose an option screen that appears. Select “Advanced options”.      Select “Advanced options”. Click the “Startup Settings” tile. Click the “Restart” button to restart your PC into the Startup Settings screen.      Type “7” or “F7” at the Startup Settings screen to activate the “Disable driver signature enforcement”  option. Machine will boot to Windows. Login with your ADM account and proceed with the Checkpoint  installation. On the machine you are working on, copy the Checkpoint folder for Laptops from \\Gmaccm.com\applic \APPLIC\FDE_77.20\Checkpoint_R77_Clients\Windows to c:\temp Click Start --> Windows System --> Command Prompt RIGHT CLICK ON THE COMMAND PROMPT AND CHOOSE MORE --> RUN AS ADMINISTRATOR (**NOTE**  The installer MUST be run from an Administrator command prompt, if it is not run from an Administrator  command prompt it will fail.      Click Yes at the UAC prompt In the Command Prompt window input the following command and hit enter- For Laptops cd c:\temp\laptop\x64      In the command prompt window input the following command and hit enter- msiexec.exe /i eps.msi /forcerestart This will start the installer      **NOTE** The installer may look like it has stalled out, please be patient and give it a couple of minutes  to work When the installer is finished, you should see a screen that looks like this-      Click Finish and then when it asks to restart click Yes Once the system reboots login with your ADM account. In the Notification Area click on the Checkpoint  icon. You can watch the status of Checkpoint as it checks in the server and downloads its policies. You want to  see it say Waiting For Restart.      A box will appear in the bottom right hand corer of the screen. Click Yes to reboot the computer. Login to Windows and verify that Checkpoint begins the encryption process. Reboot the laptop. Press [F10] to boot to BIOS. Click Advanced  Secure Boot Configuration. Where it  says Configure Legacy Support and Secure Boot click the pull down and select Legacy Support Disable and  Secure Boot Enable. Click Exit and when prompted to save changes click Yes. Laptop will reboot.    ","[72, 0, 72, 751]","[1244, 1251]","840 G3 running Windows 10 840 G3 running Windows 10 840 G3 running Windows 10 840 G3 running Windows 10 840 G3 running Windows 10 840 G3 running Windows 10 840 G3 running Windows 10 840 G3 running Windows 10 840 G3 running Windows 10 840 G3 running Windows 10   Thursday, December 1, 2016 5:15 PM ARCHIVED - WE NO LONGER INSTALL CHECKPOINT ON MACHINES RUNNING WINDOWS 10 DRAFT - THIS IS DOCUMENTATION FOR INSTALLING CHECKPOINT ON AN 840 G3 LAPTOP THAT IS  RUNNING WINDOWS 10 IN UEFI MODE **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** VERIFY THAT WINDOWS UPDATES THAT INTERFERE WITH CHECKPOINT ARE NOT INSTALLED. Login to  Windows. Click Control Panel --> Programs --> Programs and Features --> View installed updates. Search  for the following updates and if they are installed, uninstall them: KB3216755 and KB3213986. Restart as  needed.  Reboot the laptop. Press [F10] to boot to BIOS. Click Advanced  Boot Options. Make sure that Fast Boot is unchecked.  Click Advanced  Secure Boot Configuration. Where it says Configure Legacy Support and Secure Boot  click the pull down and select Legacy Support Disable and Secure Boot Disable. Click Exit and when prompted to save changes click Yes. Laptop will reboot. You will see a message that says “Secure Boot” at the top and reads “A request has been made to change  the system’s secure boot configuration……” with a 4-digit code at the bottom. You will need to type the 4- digit code displayed on the screen to proceed. Type the 4-digit code and hit [ENTER]. Laptop will beep  several times and reboot. Boot to Windows and login. Click the Start button --> Power button --> Hold down the [SHIFT] KEY AND  WHILE HOLDING IT DOWN click Restart and restart the machine Select the “Troubleshoot” tile on the Choose an option screen that appears. Select “Advanced options”.      Select “Advanced options”. Click the “Startup Settings” tile. Click the “Restart” button to restart your PC into the Startup Settings screen.      Type “7” or “F7” at the Startup Settings screen to activate the “Disable driver signature enforcement”  option. Machine will boot to Windows. Login with your ADM account and proceed with the Checkpoint  installation. On the machine you are working on, copy the Checkpoint folder for Laptops from \\Gmaccm.com\applic \APPLIC\FDE_77.20\Checkpoint_R77_Clients\Windows to c:\temp Click Start --> Windows System --> Command Prompt RIGHT CLICK ON THE COMMAND PROMPT AND CHOOSE MORE --> RUN AS ADMINISTRATOR (**NOTE**  The installer MUST be run from an Administrator command prompt, if it is not run from an Administrator  command prompt it will fail.      Click Yes at the UAC prompt In the Command Prompt window input the following command and hit enter- For Laptops cd c:\temp\laptop\x64      In the command prompt window input the following command and hit enter- msiexec.exe /i eps.msi /forcerestart This will start the installer      **NOTE** The installer may look like it has stalled out, please be patient and give it a couple of minutes  to work When the installer is finished, you should see a screen that looks like this-      Click Finish and then when it asks to restart click Yes Once the system reboots login with your ADM account. In the Notification Area click on the Checkpoint  icon. You can watch the status of Checkpoint as it checks in the server and downloads its policies. You want to  see it say Waiting For Restart.      A box will appear in the bottom right hand corer of the screen. Click Yes to reboot the computer. Login to Windows and verify that Checkpoint begins the encryption process. Reboot the laptop. Press [F10] to boot to BIOS. Click Advanced  Secure Boot Configuration. Where it  says Configure Legacy Support and Secure Boot click the pull down and select Legacy Support Disable and  Secure Boot Enable. Click Exit and when prompted to save changes click Yes. Laptop will reboot.    ","840 g3 run windows 10 840 g3 run windows 10 840 g3 run windows 10 840 g3 run windows 10 840 g3 run windows 10 840 g3 run windows 10 840 g3 run windows 10 840 g3 run windows 10 840 g3 run windows 10 840 g3 run windows 10 thursday, december 1, 2016 5:15 pm archive - longer install checkpoint machine run windows 10 draft - documentation instal checkpoint 840 g3 laptop run windows 10 uefi mode **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** verify windows update interfere checkpoint installed. login windows. click control panel --> program --> program feature --> view instal updates. search follow update installed, uninstall them: kb3216755 kb3213986. restart needed. reboot laptop. press [f10] boot bios. click advance  boot options. make sure fast boot unchecked. click advance  secure boot configuration. say configure legacy support secure boot click pull select legacy support disable secure boot disable. click exit prompt save change click yes. laptop reboot. see message say “secure boot” top read “a request make change system’s secure boot configuration……” 4-digit code bottom. need type 4- digit code display screen proceed. type 4-digit code hit [enter]. laptop beep several time reboot. boot windows login. click start button --> power button --> hold [shift] key hold click restart restart machine select “troubleshoot” tile choose option screen appears. select “advanced options”. select “advanced options”. click “startup settings” tile. click “restart” button restart pc startup settings screen. type “7” “f7” startup settings screen activate “disable driver signature enforcement” option. machine boot windows. login adm account proceed checkpoint installation. machine work on, copy checkpoint folder laptops \\gmaccm.com\applic \applic\fde_77.20\checkpoint_r77_clients\windows c:\temp click start --> windows system --> command prompt right click command prompt choose --> run administrator (**note** installer must run administrator command prompt, run administrator command prompt fail. click yes uac prompt command prompt window input follow command hit enter- laptops cd c:\temp\laptop\x64 command prompt window input follow command hit enter- msiexec.exe /i eps.msi /forcerestart start installer **note** installer may look like stall out, please patient give couple minutes work installer finished, see screen look like this- click finish ask restart click yes system reboot login adm account. notification area click checkpoint icon. watch status checkpoint check server download policies. want see say wait restart. box appear bottom right hand corer screen. click yes reboot computer. login windows verify checkpoint begin encryption process. reboot laptop. press [f10] boot bios. click advance  secure boot configuration. say configure legacy support secure boot click pull select legacy support disable secure boot enable. click exit prompt save change click yes. laptop reboot.","840 G3 running Windows 10 840 G3 running Windows 10   Thursday, December 1, 2016 5:15 PM ARCHIVED - WE NO LONGER INSTALL CHECKPOINT ON MACHINES RUNNING WINDOWS 10 DRAFT - THIS IS DOCUMENTATION FOR INSTALLING CHECKPOINT ON AN 840 G3 LAPTOP THAT IS  RUNNING WINDOWS 10 IN UEFI MODE **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** VERIFY THAT WINDOWS UPDATES THAT INTERFERE WITH CHECKPOINT ARE NOT INSTALLED. Login to  Windows. Click Control Panel --> Programs --> Programs and Features --> View installed updates. Search  for the following updates and if they are installed, uninstall them: KB3216755 and KB3213986. Restart as  needed.  Reboot the laptop. Press [F10] to boot to BIOS. Click Advanced  Boot Options. Make sure that Fast Boot is unchecked.  Click Advanced  Secure Boot Configuration. Where it says Configure Legacy Support and Secure Boot  click the pull down and select Legacy Support Disable and Secure Boot Disable. Click Exit and when prompted to save changes click Yes. Laptop will reboot. You will see a message that says “Secure Boot” at the top and reads “A request has been made to change  the system’s secure boot configuration……” with a 4-digit code at the bottom. You will need to type the 4- digit code displayed on the screen to proceed. Type the 4-digit code and hit [ENTER]. Laptop will beep  several times and reboot. Boot to Windows and login. Click the Start button --> Power button --> Hold down the [SHIFT] KEY AND  WHILE HOLDING IT DOWN click Restart and restart the machine Select the “Troubleshoot” tile on the Choose an option screen that appears. Select “Advanced options”.      Select “Advanced options”. Click the “Startup Settings” tile. Click the “Restart” button to restart your PC into the Startup Settings screen.      Type “7” or “F7” at the Startup Settings screen to activate the “Disable driver signature enforcement”  option. Machine will boot to Windows. Login with your ADM account and proceed with the Checkpoint  installation. On the machine you are working on, copy the Checkpoint folder for Laptops from \\Gmaccm.com\applic \APPLIC\FDE_77.20\Checkpoint_R77_Clients\Windows to c:\temp Click Start --> Windows System --> Command Prompt RIGHT CLICK ON THE COMMAND PROMPT AND CHOOSE MORE --> RUN AS ADMINISTRATOR (**NOTE**  The installer MUST be run from an Administrator command prompt, if it is not run from an Administrator  command prompt it will fail.      Click Yes at the UAC prompt In the Command Prompt window input the following command and hit enter- For Laptops cd c:\temp\laptop\x64      In the command prompt window input the following command and hit enter- msiexec.exe /i eps.msi /forcerestart This will start the installer      **NOTE** The installer may look like it has stalled out, please be patient and give it a couple of minutes  to work When the installer is finished, you should see a screen that looks like this-      Click Finish and then when it asks to restart click Yes Once the system reboots login with your ADM account. In the Notification Area click on the Checkpoint  icon. You can watch the status of Checkpoint as it checks in the server and downloads its policies. You want to  see it say Waiting For Restart.      A box will appear in the bottom right hand corer of the screen. Click Yes to reboot the computer. Login to Windows and verify that Checkpoint begins the encryption process. Reboot the laptop. Press [F10] to boot to BIOS. Click Advanced  Secure Boot Configuration. Where it  says Configure Legacy Support and Secure Boot click the pull down and select Legacy Support Disable and  Secure Boot Enable. Click Exit and when prompted to save changes click Yes. Laptop will reboot.    ","840 g3 run windows 10 840 g3 run windows 10 thursday, december 1, 2016 5:15 pm archive - longer install checkpoint machine run windows 10 draft - documentation instal checkpoint 840 g3 laptop run windows 10 uefi mode **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** verify windows update interfere checkpoint installed. login windows. click control panel --> program --> program feature --> view instal updates. search follow update installed, uninstall them: kb3216755 kb3213986. restart needed. reboot laptop. press [f10] boot bios. click advance  boot options. make sure fast boot unchecked. click advance  secure boot configuration. say configure legacy support secure boot click pull select legacy support disable secure boot disable. click exit prompt save change click yes. laptop reboot. see message say “secure boot” top read “a request make change system’s secure boot configuration……” 4-digit code bottom. need type 4- digit code display screen proceed. type 4-digit code hit [enter]. laptop beep several time reboot. boot windows login. click start button --> power button --> hold [shift] key hold click restart restart machine select “troubleshoot” tile choose option screen appears. select “advanced options”. select “advanced options”. click “startup settings” tile. click “restart” button restart pc startup settings screen. type “7” “f7” startup settings screen activate “disable driver signature enforcement” option. machine boot windows. login adm account proceed checkpoint installation. machine work on, copy checkpoint folder laptops \\gmaccm.com\applic \applic\fde_77.20\checkpoint_r77_clients\windows c:\temp click start --> windows system --> command prompt right click command prompt choose --> run administrator (**note** installer must run administrator command prompt, run administrator command prompt fail. click yes uac prompt command prompt window input follow command hit enter- laptops cd c:\temp\laptop\x64 command prompt window input follow command hit enter- msiexec.exe /i eps.msi /forcerestart start installer **note** installer may look like stall out, please patient give couple minutes work installer finished, see screen look like this- click finish ask restart click yes system reboot login adm account. notification area click checkpoint icon. watch status checkpoint check server download policies. want see say wait restart. box appear bottom right hand corer screen. click yes reboot computer. login windows verify checkpoint begin encryption process. reboot laptop. press [f10] boot bios. click advance  secure boot configuration. say configure legacy support secure boot click pull select legacy support disable secure boot enable. click exit prompt save change click yes. laptop reboot."
26,840 G5 Laptop," Wednesday, February 14, 2018 12:02 PM HP EliteBook ... HP Notebook...                x360 1020 Laptop Friday, June 1, 2018 2:44 PM Hardware Service Guide HP x360 1020 Mai...    ","[36, 9, 67, 777]","[1263, 1266]","840 G5 Laptop 840 G5 Laptop 840 G5 Laptop 840 G5 Laptop 840 G5 Laptop 840 G5 Laptop 840 G5 Laptop 840 G5 Laptop 840 G5 Laptop 840 G5 Laptop   Wednesday, February 14, 2018 12:02 PM HP EliteBook ... HP Notebook...                x360 1020 Laptop Friday, June 1, 2018 2:44 PM Hardware Service Guide HP x360 1020 Mai...    ","840 g5 laptop 840 g5 laptop 840 g5 laptop 840 g5 laptop 840 g5 laptop 840 g5 laptop 840 g5 laptop 840 g5 laptop 840 g5 laptop 840 g5 laptop wednesday, february 14, 2018 12:02 pm hp elitebook ... hp notebook... x360 1020 laptop friday, june 1, 2018 2:44 pm hardware service guide hp x360 1020 mai...","840 G5 Laptop 840 G5 Laptop   Wednesday, February 14, 2018 12:02 PM HP EliteBook ... HP Notebook...                x360 1020 Laptop Friday, June 1, 2018 2:44 PM Hardware Service Guide HP x360 1020 Mai...    ","840 g5 laptop 840 g5 laptop wednesday, february 14, 2018 12:02 pm hp elitebook ... hp notebook... x360 1020 laptop friday, june 1, 2018 2:44 pm hardware service guide hp x360 1020 mai..."
27,8a. Configuring Forticlient for Mac," Tuesday, December 12, 2017 8:41 AM To reiterate: The current version of Forticlient which is compatible up to macOS High Sierra is 5.4.3.529. The latest installer is available here: \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_NonLicense\SCCM \Polaris_Dev_Mac\FortiClientMac  (smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , navigate to: _NonLicense-> SCCM->Polaris_Dev_Mac->FortiClientMac) When installing , ensure that to click the ""Customize"" button after the license agreement. This will  give you the ability to uncheck ""other components."" If left checked during the installation,  additional unnecessary software will install, the application will differ from screenshots below and  will cause confusion. First select the ""Gear"" dropdown to the right of the VPN Name field. Select Add a new connection. Enter fields as show below for VPN Type, Connection Name, Description, Remote Gateway and port.  Select the client certificate that displays the Macbook Computer (name.gmaccm.com/xxxxxxx) Select Save Login and enter the user's Logon username. Select Add.      Alternatively you can configure a secondary or backup Forticlient connection. It would be configured  exactly as above, except the Description should read ""Backup VPN"" or ""Secondary VPN"" and the  Remote Gateway should be ra-west.berkadia.com In some cases, users working geographically closer to Arizona may experience less latency on the  Backup connection. *Note* If you have access to a Wireless hotspot, it's recommended that you test Forticlient  connectivity before deploying a Macbook to the user.    ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[560, 561]","8a. Configuring Forticlient for Mac 8a. Configuring Forticlient for Mac 8a. Configuring Forticlient for Mac 8a. Configuring Forticlient for Mac 8a. Configuring Forticlient for Mac 8a. Configuring Forticlient for Mac 8a. Configuring Forticlient for Mac 8a. Configuring Forticlient for Mac 8a. Configuring Forticlient for Mac 8a. Configuring Forticlient for Mac   Tuesday, December 12, 2017 8:41 AM To reiterate: The current version of Forticlient which is compatible up to macOS High Sierra is 5.4.3.529. The latest installer is available here: \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_NonLicense\SCCM \Polaris_Dev_Mac\FortiClientMac  (smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , navigate to: _NonLicense-> SCCM->Polaris_Dev_Mac->FortiClientMac) When installing , ensure that to click the ""Customize"" button after the license agreement. This will  give you the ability to uncheck ""other components."" If left checked during the installation,  additional unnecessary software will install, the application will differ from screenshots below and  will cause confusion. First select the ""Gear"" dropdown to the right of the VPN Name field. Select Add a new connection. Enter fields as show below for VPN Type, Connection Name, Description, Remote Gateway and port.  Select the client certificate that displays the Macbook Computer (name.gmaccm.com/xxxxxxx) Select Save Login and enter the user's Logon username. Select Add.      Alternatively you can configure a secondary or backup Forticlient connection. It would be configured  exactly as above, except the Description should read ""Backup VPN"" or ""Secondary VPN"" and the  Remote Gateway should be ra-west.berkadia.com In some cases, users working geographically closer to Arizona may experience less latency on the  Backup connection. *Note* If you have access to a Wireless hotspot, it's recommended that you test Forticlient  connectivity before deploying a Macbook to the user.    ","8a. configure forticlient mac 8a. configure forticlient mac 8a. configure forticlient mac 8a. configure forticlient mac 8a. configure forticlient mac 8a. configure forticlient mac 8a. configure forticlient mac 8a. configure forticlient mac 8a. configure forticlient mac 8a. configure forticlient mac tuesday, december 12, 2017 8:41 reiterate: current version forticlient compatible macos high sierra 5.4.3.529. latest installer available here: \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_nonlicense\sccm \polaris_dev_mac\forticlientmac (smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , navigate to: _nonlicense-> sccm->polaris_dev_mac->forticlientmac) instal , ensure click ""customize"" button license agreement. give ability uncheck ""other components."" leave check installation, additional unnecessary software install, application differ screenshots cause confusion. first select ""gear"" dropdown right vpn name field. select add new connection. enter field show vpn type, connection name, description, remote gateway port. select client certificate display macbook computer (name.gmaccm.com/xxxxxxx) select save login enter user's logon username. select add. alternatively configure secondary backup forticlient connection. would configure exactly above, except description read ""backup vpn"" ""secondary vpn"" remote gateway ra-west.berkadia.com cases, users work geographically closer arizona may experience less latency backup connection. *note* access wireless hotspot, recommend test forticlient connectivity deploy macbook user.","8a. Configuring Forticlient for Mac 8a. Configuring Forticlient for Mac   Tuesday, December 12, 2017 8:41 AM To reiterate: The current version of Forticlient which is compatible up to macOS High Sierra is 5.4.3.529. The latest installer is available here: \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_NonLicense\SCCM \Polaris_Dev_Mac\FortiClientMac  (smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , navigate to: _NonLicense-> SCCM->Polaris_Dev_Mac->FortiClientMac) When installing , ensure that to click the ""Customize"" button after the license agreement. This will  give you the ability to uncheck ""other components."" If left checked during the installation,  additional unnecessary software will install, the application will differ from screenshots below and  will cause confusion. First select the ""Gear"" dropdown to the right of the VPN Name field. Select Add a new connection. Enter fields as show below for VPN Type, Connection Name, Description, Remote Gateway and port.  Select the client certificate that displays the Macbook Computer (name.gmaccm.com/xxxxxxx) Select Save Login and enter the user's Logon username. Select Add.      Alternatively you can configure a secondary or backup Forticlient connection. It would be configured  exactly as above, except the Description should read ""Backup VPN"" or ""Secondary VPN"" and the  Remote Gateway should be ra-west.berkadia.com In some cases, users working geographically closer to Arizona may experience less latency on the  Backup connection. *Note* If you have access to a Wireless hotspot, it's recommended that you test Forticlient  connectivity before deploying a Macbook to the user.    ","8a. configure forticlient mac 8a. configure forticlient mac tuesday, december 12, 2017 8:41 reiterate: current version forticlient compatible macos high sierra 5.4.3.529. latest installer available here: \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_nonlicense\sccm \polaris_dev_mac\forticlientmac (smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , navigate to: _nonlicense-> sccm->polaris_dev_mac->forticlientmac) instal , ensure click ""customize"" button license agreement. give ability uncheck ""other components."" leave check installation, additional unnecessary software install, application differ screenshots cause confusion. first select ""gear"" dropdown right vpn name field. select add new connection. enter field show vpn type, connection name, description, remote gateway port. select client certificate display macbook computer (name.gmaccm.com/xxxxxxx) select save login enter user's logon username. select add. alternatively configure secondary backup forticlient connection. would configure exactly above, except description read ""backup vpn"" ""secondary vpn"" remote gateway ra-west.berkadia.com cases, users work geographically closer arizona may experience less latency backup connection. *note* access wireless hotspot, recommend test forticlient connectivity deploy macbook user."
28,9. Login Scripts," Tuesday, November 17, 2015 3:39 PM The purpose of the login script is to automatically map the user's H: drive and if applicable, their  local server shared folder (ie. \\gmaccm.com\shared  \\nynypf1\shared ) or applic software  directory. You can obtain the NWDrive.app from the path below: Mac path smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , navigate to: _NonLicense->SCCM-> Polaris_Dev_Mac PC path \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_NonLicense\SCCM\Polaris_Dev_Mac First press Command  + Space bar to open Spotlight. You can also click the magnifying  glass in the upper right hand corner near the time. Then type Script Editor and hit enter to open the application Now using Script Editor, browse to the NWDrive.app using file->open from the Apple  menu This will open up the script and I have left directions on how to modify inside it.  (you'll need to edit the server path within the login script to match where the laptop is  being shipped. Typically this is where their H: drive path/local server share is located.) Make sure after modifying the NWDrive file, you save your changes, then move  NWDrive.app to the applications folder. When you've modified the NWDrive app, place it in the applications folder. In the top left hand corner click on the apple and go to System Preferences…      In the top left hand corner click on the apple and go to System Preferences… Now go to users and groups Now click on the user you wish to add the logon item to then make sure to click the “Logon  Item” tab then drag and drop the script from the applications folder into the window         ","[72, 0, 72, 779]","[562, 564]","9. Login Scripts 9. Login Scripts 9. Login Scripts 9. Login Scripts 9. Login Scripts 9. Login Scripts 9. Login Scripts 9. Login Scripts 9. Login Scripts 9. Login Scripts   Tuesday, November 17, 2015 3:39 PM The purpose of the login script is to automatically map the user's H: drive and if applicable, their  local server shared folder (ie. \\gmaccm.com\shared  \\nynypf1\shared ) or applic software  directory. You can obtain the NWDrive.app from the path below: Mac path smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , navigate to: _NonLicense->SCCM-> Polaris_Dev_Mac PC path \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_NonLicense\SCCM\Polaris_Dev_Mac First press Command  + Space bar to open Spotlight. You can also click the magnifying  glass in the upper right hand corner near the time. Then type Script Editor and hit enter to open the application Now using Script Editor, browse to the NWDrive.app using file->open from the Apple  menu This will open up the script and I have left directions on how to modify inside it.  (you'll need to edit the server path within the login script to match where the laptop is  being shipped. Typically this is where their H: drive path/local server share is located.) Make sure after modifying the NWDrive file, you save your changes, then move  NWDrive.app to the applications folder. When you've modified the NWDrive app, place it in the applications folder. In the top left hand corner click on the apple and go to System Preferences…      In the top left hand corner click on the apple and go to System Preferences… Now go to users and groups Now click on the user you wish to add the logon item to then make sure to click the “Logon  Item” tab then drag and drop the script from the applications folder into the window         ","9. login script 9. login script 9. login script 9. login script 9. login script 9. login script 9. login script 9. login script 9. login script 9. login script tuesday, november 17, 2015 3:39 pm purpose login script automatically map user's h: drive applicable, local server share folder (ie. \\gmaccm.com\shared \\nynypf1\shared ) applic software directory. obtain nwdrive.app path below: mac path smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , navigate to: _nonlicense->sccm-> polaris_dev_mac pc path \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_nonlicense\sccm\polaris_dev_mac first press command + space bar open spotlight. also click magnify glass upper right hand corner near time. type script editor hit enter open application use script editor, browse nwdrive.app use file->open apple menu open script leave directions modify inside it. (you'll need edit server path within login script match laptop shipped. typically h: drive path/local server share located.) make sure modify nwdrive file, save changes, move nwdrive.app applications folder. modify nwdrive app, place applications folder. top leave hand corner click apple go system preferences… top leave hand corner click apple go system preferences… go users group click user wish add logon item make sure click “logon item” tab drag drop script applications folder window","9. Login Scripts 9. Login Scripts   Tuesday, November 17, 2015 3:39 PM The purpose of the login script is to automatically map the user's H: drive and if applicable, their  local server shared folder (ie. \\gmaccm.com\shared  \\nynypf1\shared ) or applic software  directory. You can obtain the NWDrive.app from the path below: Mac path smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , navigate to: _NonLicense->SCCM-> Polaris_Dev_Mac PC path \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_NonLicense\SCCM\Polaris_Dev_Mac First press Command  + Space bar to open Spotlight. You can also click the magnifying  glass in the upper right hand corner near the time. Then type Script Editor and hit enter to open the application Now using Script Editor, browse to the NWDrive.app using file->open from the Apple  menu This will open up the script and I have left directions on how to modify inside it.  (you'll need to edit the server path within the login script to match where the laptop is  being shipped. Typically this is where their H: drive path/local server share is located.) Make sure after modifying the NWDrive file, you save your changes, then move  NWDrive.app to the applications folder. When you've modified the NWDrive app, place it in the applications folder. In the top left hand corner click on the apple and go to System Preferences…      In the top left hand corner click on the apple and go to System Preferences… Now go to users and groups Now click on the user you wish to add the logon item to then make sure to click the “Logon  Item” tab then drag and drop the script from the applications folder into the window         ","9. login script 9. login script tuesday, november 17, 2015 3:39 pm purpose login script automatically map user's h: drive applicable, local server share folder (ie. \\gmaccm.com\shared \\nynypf1\shared ) applic software directory. obtain nwdrive.app path below: mac path smb://pa508shrdrv1/applic , navigate to: _nonlicense->sccm-> polaris_dev_mac pc path \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\_nonlicense\sccm\polaris_dev_mac first press command + space bar open spotlight. also click magnify glass upper right hand corner near time. type script editor hit enter open application use script editor, browse nwdrive.app use file->open apple menu open script leave directions modify inside it. (you'll need edit server path within login script match laptop shipped. typically h: drive path/local server share located.) make sure modify nwdrive file, save changes, move nwdrive.app applications folder. modify nwdrive app, place applications folder. top leave hand corner click apple go system preferences… top leave hand corner click apple go system preferences… go users group click user wish add logon item make sure click “logon item” tab drag drop script applications folder window"
29,9470m  Flash," Wednesday, March 2, 2016 9:05 AM On the machine you are working on, copy the BIOS Flash from ""\\Gmaccm.com\applic\APPLIC\osd \HP BIOS"" to c:\temp Launch the installer that will extract the BIOS Flash utility Yes at UAC prompt Step through the wizard by clicking Next, Next, Next      Once the extraction is complete, the BIOS Flash utility will launch automatically Click Next Make sure Update the system BIOS on this computer is selected and click Next      On the Confirmation screen click Next BIOS Flash will start to run      When BIOS Flash has completed a countdown will come up and at the end of the countdown the  machine will reboot Computer will boot up to the login screen    ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[1214, 1217]","9470m  Flash 9470m  Flash 9470m  Flash 9470m  Flash 9470m  Flash 9470m  Flash 9470m  Flash 9470m  Flash 9470m  Flash 9470m  Flash   Wednesday, March 2, 2016 9:05 AM On the machine you are working on, copy the BIOS Flash from ""\\Gmaccm.com\applic\APPLIC\osd \HP BIOS"" to c:\temp Launch the installer that will extract the BIOS Flash utility Yes at UAC prompt Step through the wizard by clicking Next, Next, Next      Once the extraction is complete, the BIOS Flash utility will launch automatically Click Next Make sure Update the system BIOS on this computer is selected and click Next      On the Confirmation screen click Next BIOS Flash will start to run      When BIOS Flash has completed a countdown will come up and at the end of the countdown the  machine will reboot Computer will boot up to the login screen    ","9470m flash 9470m flash 9470m flash 9470m flash 9470m flash 9470m flash 9470m flash 9470m flash 9470m flash 9470m flash wednesday, march 2, 2016 9:05 machine work on, copy bios flash ""\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\osd \hp bios"" c:\temp launch installer extract bios flash utility yes uac prompt step wizard click next, next, next extraction complete, bios flash utility launch automatically click next make sure update system bios computer select click next confirmation screen click next bios flash start run bios flash complete countdown come end countdown machine reboot computer boot login screen","9470m  Flash 9470m  Flash   Wednesday, March 2, 2016 9:05 AM On the machine you are working on, copy the BIOS Flash from ""\\Gmaccm.com\applic\APPLIC\osd \HP BIOS"" to c:\temp Launch the installer that will extract the BIOS Flash utility Yes at UAC prompt Step through the wizard by clicking Next, Next, Next      Once the extraction is complete, the BIOS Flash utility will launch automatically Click Next Make sure Update the system BIOS on this computer is selected and click Next      On the Confirmation screen click Next BIOS Flash will start to run      When BIOS Flash has completed a countdown will come up and at the end of the countdown the  machine will reboot Computer will boot up to the login screen    ","9470m flash 9470m flash wednesday, march 2, 2016 9:05 machine work on, copy bios flash ""\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\osd \hp bios"" c:\temp launch installer extract bios flash utility yes uac prompt step wizard click next, next, next extraction complete, bios flash utility launch automatically click next make sure update system bios computer select click next confirmation screen click next bios flash start run bios flash complete countdown come end countdown machine reboot computer boot login screen"
30,9480m BIOS Flash," Thursday, February 25, 2016 9:28 AM On the machine you are working on, copy the BIOS Flash from ""\\Gmaccm.com\applic\APPLIC\osd \HP BIOS""  to c:\temp Launch the installer that will extract the BIOS Flash utility Yes at UAC prompt Step through the wizard by clicking Next, Next, Next      Once the extraction is complete, the BIOS Flash utility will launch automatically Make sure Update is selected and click Next Select Proceed without creating partition and click Next      Click Next at the version comparison Click Next at the warning      BIOS Flash will begin BIOS Flash will load and then automatically restart, then perform Flash upon reboot      After BIOS flash is complete laptop will boot to login screen    ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[1209, 1213]","9480m BIOS Flash 9480m BIOS Flash 9480m BIOS Flash 9480m BIOS Flash 9480m BIOS Flash 9480m BIOS Flash 9480m BIOS Flash 9480m BIOS Flash 9480m BIOS Flash 9480m BIOS Flash   Thursday, February 25, 2016 9:28 AM On the machine you are working on, copy the BIOS Flash from ""\\Gmaccm.com\applic\APPLIC\osd \HP BIOS""  to c:\temp Launch the installer that will extract the BIOS Flash utility Yes at UAC prompt Step through the wizard by clicking Next, Next, Next      Once the extraction is complete, the BIOS Flash utility will launch automatically Make sure Update is selected and click Next Select Proceed without creating partition and click Next      Click Next at the version comparison Click Next at the warning      BIOS Flash will begin BIOS Flash will load and then automatically restart, then perform Flash upon reboot      After BIOS flash is complete laptop will boot to login screen    ","9480m bios flash 9480m bios flash 9480m bios flash 9480m bios flash 9480m bios flash 9480m bios flash 9480m bios flash 9480m bios flash 9480m bios flash 9480m bios flash thursday, february 25, 2016 9:28 machine work on, copy bios flash ""\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\osd \hp bios"" c:\temp launch installer extract bios flash utility yes uac prompt step wizard click next, next, next extraction complete, bios flash utility launch automatically make sure update select click next select proceed without create partition click next click next version comparison click next warn bios flash begin bios flash load automatically restart, perform flash upon reboot bios flash complete laptop boot login screen","9480m BIOS Flash 9480m BIOS Flash   Thursday, February 25, 2016 9:28 AM On the machine you are working on, copy the BIOS Flash from ""\\Gmaccm.com\applic\APPLIC\osd \HP BIOS""  to c:\temp Launch the installer that will extract the BIOS Flash utility Yes at UAC prompt Step through the wizard by clicking Next, Next, Next      Once the extraction is complete, the BIOS Flash utility will launch automatically Make sure Update is selected and click Next Select Proceed without creating partition and click Next      Click Next at the version comparison Click Next at the warning      BIOS Flash will begin BIOS Flash will load and then automatically restart, then perform Flash upon reboot      After BIOS flash is complete laptop will boot to login screen    ","9480m bios flash 9480m bios flash thursday, february 25, 2016 9:28 machine work on, copy bios flash ""\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\osd \hp bios"" c:\temp launch installer extract bios flash utility yes uac prompt step wizard click next, next, next extraction complete, bios flash utility launch automatically make sure update select click next select proceed without create partition click next click next version comparison click next warn bios flash begin bios flash load automatically restart, perform flash upon reboot bios flash complete laptop boot login screen"
31,9480m Laptop," Friday, August 5, 2016 11:02 AM Hardware Service Guide 9480m_mai ntenance...    ","[72, 0, 162, 775]",[1293],"9480m Laptop 9480m Laptop 9480m Laptop 9480m Laptop 9480m Laptop 9480m Laptop 9480m Laptop 9480m Laptop 9480m Laptop 9480m Laptop   Friday, August 5, 2016 11:02 AM Hardware Service Guide 9480m_mai ntenance...    ","9480m laptop 9480m laptop 9480m laptop 9480m laptop 9480m laptop 9480m laptop 9480m laptop 9480m laptop 9480m laptop 9480m laptop friday, august 5, 2016 11:02 hardware service guide 9480m_mai ntenance...","9480m Laptop 9480m Laptop   Friday, August 5, 2016 11:02 AM Hardware Service Guide 9480m_mai ntenance...    ","9480m laptop 9480m laptop friday, august 5, 2016 11:02 hardware service guide 9480m_mai ntenance..."
32,9480m Secure Boot BIOS Changes ," Friday, October 20, 2017 2:51 PM THIS IS DOCUMENTATION CONTAINS THE STEPS TO MODIFY THE BIOS ON A 9480M LAPTOP SO  THAT IT CAN BE RE-IMAGED WITH OUR WINDOWS 10 IMAGE Power on 9480m and press [F10] to access BIOS Click Advanced Click Boot Options Scroll down to where it says Boot Mode. With Boot Mode highlighted hit [ENTER] to select Boot  Mode, then press the down arrow twice to change Boot Mode to UEFI Native (Without CSM). Press  [ENTER] to accept the change Click Accept Check box for SecureBoot Click Accept Save changes and exit BIOS    ","[72, 0, 172, 775]",[1174],"9480m Secure Boot BIOS Changes  9480m Secure Boot BIOS Changes  9480m Secure Boot BIOS Changes  9480m Secure Boot BIOS Changes  9480m Secure Boot BIOS Changes  9480m Secure Boot BIOS Changes  9480m Secure Boot BIOS Changes  9480m Secure Boot BIOS Changes  9480m Secure Boot BIOS Changes  9480m Secure Boot BIOS Changes    Friday, October 20, 2017 2:51 PM THIS IS DOCUMENTATION CONTAINS THE STEPS TO MODIFY THE BIOS ON A 9480M LAPTOP SO  THAT IT CAN BE RE-IMAGED WITH OUR WINDOWS 10 IMAGE Power on 9480m and press [F10] to access BIOS Click Advanced Click Boot Options Scroll down to where it says Boot Mode. With Boot Mode highlighted hit [ENTER] to select Boot  Mode, then press the down arrow twice to change Boot Mode to UEFI Native (Without CSM). Press  [ENTER] to accept the change Click Accept Check box for SecureBoot Click Accept Save changes and exit BIOS    ","9480m secure boot bios change 9480m secure boot bios change 9480m secure boot bios change 9480m secure boot bios change 9480m secure boot bios change 9480m secure boot bios change 9480m secure boot bios change 9480m secure boot bios change 9480m secure boot bios change 9480m secure boot bios change friday, october 20, 2017 2:51 pm documentation contain step modify bios 9480m laptop re-imaged windows 10 image power 9480m press [f10] access bios click advance click boot options scroll say boot mode. boot mode highlight hit [enter] select boot mode, press arrow twice change boot mode uefi native (without csm). press [enter] accept change click accept check box secureboot click accept save change exit bios","9480m Secure Boot BIOS Changes  9480m Secure Boot BIOS Changes    Friday, October 20, 2017 2:51 PM THIS IS DOCUMENTATION CONTAINS THE STEPS TO MODIFY THE BIOS ON A 9480M LAPTOP SO  THAT IT CAN BE RE-IMAGED WITH OUR WINDOWS 10 IMAGE Power on 9480m and press [F10] to access BIOS Click Advanced Click Boot Options Scroll down to where it says Boot Mode. With Boot Mode highlighted hit [ENTER] to select Boot  Mode, then press the down arrow twice to change Boot Mode to UEFI Native (Without CSM). Press  [ENTER] to accept the change Click Accept Check box for SecureBoot Click Accept Save changes and exit BIOS    ","9480m secure boot bios change 9480m secure boot bios change friday, october 20, 2017 2:51 pm documentation contain step modify bios 9480m laptop re-imaged windows 10 image power 9480m press [f10] access bios click advance click boot options scroll say boot mode. boot mode highlight hit [enter] select boot mode, press arrow twice change boot mode uefi native (without csm). press [enter] accept change click accept check box secureboot click accept save change exit bios"
33,AD Tools Setup," Tuesday, August 15, 2017 1:04 PM AD Tools Utilized for  Account Lockouts Password Resets Security/Distribution Groups Windows 7 https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=7887 Windows 10 https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=45520 After completing installation, follow these steps and restart PC, login as adm:                   ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[20, 23]","AD Tools Setup AD Tools Setup AD Tools Setup AD Tools Setup AD Tools Setup AD Tools Setup AD Tools Setup AD Tools Setup AD Tools Setup AD Tools Setup   Tuesday, August 15, 2017 1:04 PM AD Tools Utilized for  Account Lockouts Password Resets Security/Distribution Groups Windows 7 https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=7887 Windows 10 https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=45520 After completing installation, follow these steps and restart PC, login as adm:                   ","ad tool setup ad tool setup ad tool setup ad tool setup ad tool setup ad tool setup ad tool setup ad tool setup ad tool setup ad tool setup tuesday, august 15, 2017 1:04 pm ad tool utilize account lockouts password reset security/distribution group windows 7 https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspxid=7887 windows 10 https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspxid=45520 complete installation, follow step restart pc, login adm:","AD Tools Setup AD Tools Setup   Tuesday, August 15, 2017 1:04 PM AD Tools Utilized for  Account Lockouts Password Resets Security/Distribution Groups Windows 7 https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=7887 Windows 10 https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=45520 After completing installation, follow these steps and restart PC, login as adm:                   ","ad tool setup ad tool setup tuesday, august 15, 2017 1:04 pm ad tool utilize account lockouts password reset security/distribution group windows 7 https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspxid=7887 windows 10 https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspxid=45520 complete installation, follow step restart pc, login adm:"
34,AND SHOULD BE FOLLOWED AT ALL TIMES GOING FORWARD.," Tuesday, May 29, 2018 4:25 PM RE  Office 365 Licen... SERVICING USERS WITH APPROVAL FROM MARK MCCOOL OR SUE VERGULDI. From Bill Cancel: Our future goals are to have all users have all of the O365 applications available to them, however  we are still in the progress with some Security initiatives that need to be completed prior to this thus  there are some specific groups for servicing dept users etc that keep those users out of the  applications they have not been approved for. This will change as we get these items in place and I  will update at that time. Please note this will add the detailed licenses to the users, this will not migrate their mail. Groups and Description Office 365 All Apps: This will assign all of the available O365 licenses to a user (Except Visio) Office 365 Servicing Users: This is the group for Servicing users. This will apply the Local O365 CTR  license, Exchange, and Yammer Only Office 365 Teams: This will apply the O365 Teams license. This would be used for Servicing dept  users EXCEPTIONS.  Any requests for this need to have a ticket created and be approved by Mark  McCool or Sue Vergaldi prior to adding them to this group.  Office 365 Visio: This will apply the Visio license. This is a separate charged license. Please make sure  a ticket is entered for this and the following info is provided. – Management Approval, -Business  Justification, -Use Form (We need to establish whether the user needs this license permanently or  just for a small time frame. With this being a sperate license we have the ability to turn this on for a  short time and then turn it off when it is no longer needed. This gives us the ability to purchase less  licenses and still have the ability to use it for multiple people. ) This should cover the majority of our users, if there are exceptions we will deal with them on a case  to case basis with Tickets escalated as necessary.  One other note that I should have included.  This information syncs up to O365 every 15 minutes.  Which means the license is not instantaneously applied.  Sometimes depending on where the sync  process is and when you’ve added the user to the group it could take two syncs to apply.       Set Out of Office/Auto Reply via PowerShell Wednesday, May 23, 2012 2:00 PM To set up out of office messages by using Exchange 2010 PowerShell, run the following cmdlet in the Exchange PowerShell window to configure detailed information about the out of office message  setup: Enabled (Internal and External) Set-MailboxAutoReplyConfiguration username -AutoReplyState Enabled -ExternalAudience All -InternalMessage ""message"" -ExternalMessage ""message"" Scheduled (Internal and External) Set-MailboxAutoReplyConfiguration username -AutoReplyState Scheduled -ExternalAudience All -StartTime ""7/01/2012 07:00:00"" -EndTime ""9/01/2010 18:00:00"" -InternalMessage ""message"" - ExternalMessage ""message""  Confirm Out of Office Get-MailboxAutoReplyConfiguration -Identity username Notes The StartTime and EndTime parameters are not used the AutoReplyState setting is set to Enabled. If you want to have an HTML signature instead of a plain text signature, you must use a text file to load the message. You cannot use HTML characters in Exchange PowerShell directly. Therefore, the  HTML characters must be imported through a text file. To do this, follow these steps: 1. Create an internalmessage.txt document and an externalmessage.txt document that contain the requested messages. Run the following cmdlets in the Exchange PowerShell window: 1. 2. 3. $internalmessage = Get-Content internalmessage.txt  $externalmessage = Get-Content externalmessage.txt  Set-MailboxAutoReplyConfiguration -Identity First.Last@berkadia.com -AutoReplyState Scheduled -ExternalAudience All -StartTime ""7/01/2012 07:00:00"" -EndTime ""9/01/2010 18:00:00"" -InternalMessage  $internalmessage -ExternalMessage $externalmessage  Pasted from <http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2667296>  Disable External Out of Office Reply Set-MailboxAutoReplyConfiguration username -ExternalAudience none      Import/Migrate PST To Archive Monday, September 24, 2012 11:44 AM The following steps  show how to import a PST into a user's Archive Mailbox. Please note that Archive Mailboxes have a 25GB l imit so the cumulative size of the PSTs you import  must be less than that 1. 2. Copy user's PSTs toIm (D:\PST on PA508EXCAHT1) and create a subfolder with the users username Verify they have an Archive Mailbox a. b. Get-Mailbox username | fl ArchiveDatabase If they do, skip to Step 4 3. If they do not, ensure they understand the changes (e.g. automatic archiving, etc) and enable them for one a. Add-ArchiveMailbox username i. This command requires the custom PowerShell profile to be on your machine. If it isn't, copy profile.ps1 from \\gmaccm.com\WDS\Scripts\PowerShell to C: \Windows\System32\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0 AND C:\Windows\ySysWOW64\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0 4. Import the PSTs a. Import-PSTtoArchiveMailbox  username i. This command above is a much simpler function I wrote that does all of this… 1) $user=""username"";Get-ChildItem ""\\PA508EXCAHT1\pst$\$user"" | % {New-MailboxImportRequest -Mailbox $user -IsArchive -BadItemLimit 40 - FilePath ""$($_.FullName)"" -TargetRootFolder ""$(($_.Name).Substring(0,($_.Name).LastIndexOf('.')))"" -Name ""$($user)-$($_.Name)"" -BatchName $user} ii. iii. This will create the subfolders listed as TargetRootFolder if they do not exist The Name will be used to identity the MailboxImportRequest so you should make them unique 5. Check the status of the imports a. Get-MailboxImportRequest -BatchName username | Get-MailboxImportRequestStatistics 6. Once all imports have completed successfully, remove the requests a. b. Get-MailboxImportRequest -BatchName username | Remove-MailboxImportRequest -Confirm:$false Create and move all of the PSTs that were imported into a folder called IMPORTED TO ARCHIVE on user's O drive NOTE: When you enable someone with an Archive Mailbox, the Managed Folder Assistant will automatically run at a random interval eve ry 24 hours. If someone is over their size  limit and needs to space cleared up sooner, you can force the Assistant to run immediately       Disabling a Mailbox giovedì 16 giugno 2016 07:49 Disabling a Mailbox can be best defined as removing exchange related information from a user in active directory. In essence, the account will remain in active directory but  the mailbox attached to it will be disabled and deleted after the default mailbox retention period.  To do this in the EMC, just right click on the user and click on Disable.  Do not Click on Remove! This will Delete the user and the mailbox from Active Directory. It is rare that a situation will require this type of action. Relevant Powershell Command: Disable-Mailbox -Identity mailboxname -Confirm:$false    ","[49, 5, 72, 538]","[249, 252]","AND SHOULD BE FOLLOWED AT ALL TIMES GOING FORWARD. AND SHOULD BE FOLLOWED AT ALL TIMES GOING FORWARD. AND SHOULD BE FOLLOWED AT ALL TIMES GOING FORWARD. AND SHOULD BE FOLLOWED AT ALL TIMES GOING FORWARD. AND SHOULD BE FOLLOWED AT ALL TIMES GOING FORWARD. AND SHOULD BE FOLLOWED AT ALL TIMES GOING FORWARD. AND SHOULD BE FOLLOWED AT ALL TIMES GOING FORWARD. AND SHOULD BE FOLLOWED AT ALL TIMES GOING FORWARD. AND SHOULD BE FOLLOWED AT ALL TIMES GOING FORWARD. AND SHOULD BE FOLLOWED AT ALL TIMES GOING FORWARD.   Tuesday, May 29, 2018 4:25 PM RE  Office 365 Licen... SERVICING USERS WITH APPROVAL FROM MARK MCCOOL OR SUE VERGULDI. From Bill Cancel: Our future goals are to have all users have all of the O365 applications available to them, however  we are still in the progress with some Security initiatives that need to be completed prior to this thus  there are some specific groups for servicing dept users etc that keep those users out of the  applications they have not been approved for. This will change as we get these items in place and I  will update at that time. Please note this will add the detailed licenses to the users, this will not migrate their mail. Groups and Description Office 365 All Apps: This will assign all of the available O365 licenses to a user (Except Visio) Office 365 Servicing Users: This is the group for Servicing users. This will apply the Local O365 CTR  license, Exchange, and Yammer Only Office 365 Teams: This will apply the O365 Teams license. This would be used for Servicing dept  users EXCEPTIONS.  Any requests for this need to have a ticket created and be approved by Mark  McCool or Sue Vergaldi prior to adding them to this group.  Office 365 Visio: This will apply the Visio license. This is a separate charged license. Please make sure  a ticket is entered for this and the following info is provided. – Management Approval, -Business  Justification, -Use Form (We need to establish whether the user needs this license permanently or  just for a small time frame. With this being a sperate license we have the ability to turn this on for a  short time and then turn it off when it is no longer needed. This gives us the ability to purchase less  licenses and still have the ability to use it for multiple people. ) This should cover the majority of our users, if there are exceptions we will deal with them on a case  to case basis with Tickets escalated as necessary.  One other note that I should have included.  This information syncs up to O365 every 15 minutes.  Which means the license is not instantaneously applied.  Sometimes depending on where the sync  process is and when you’ve added the user to the group it could take two syncs to apply.       Set Out of Office/Auto Reply via PowerShell Wednesday, May 23, 2012 2:00 PM To set up out of office messages by using Exchange 2010 PowerShell, run the following cmdlet in the Exchange PowerShell window to configure detailed information about the out of office message  setup: Enabled (Internal and External) Set-MailboxAutoReplyConfiguration username -AutoReplyState Enabled -ExternalAudience All -InternalMessage ""message"" -ExternalMessage ""message"" Scheduled (Internal and External) Set-MailboxAutoReplyConfiguration username -AutoReplyState Scheduled -ExternalAudience All -StartTime ""7/01/2012 07:00:00"" -EndTime ""9/01/2010 18:00:00"" -InternalMessage ""message"" - ExternalMessage ""message""  Confirm Out of Office Get-MailboxAutoReplyConfiguration -Identity username Notes The StartTime and EndTime parameters are not used the AutoReplyState setting is set to Enabled. If you want to have an HTML signature instead of a plain text signature, you must use a text file to load the message. You cannot use HTML characters in Exchange PowerShell directly. Therefore, the  HTML characters must be imported through a text file. To do this, follow these steps: 1. Create an internalmessage.txt document and an externalmessage.txt document that contain the requested messages. Run the following cmdlets in the Exchange PowerShell window: 1. 2. 3. $internalmessage = Get-Content internalmessage.txt  $externalmessage = Get-Content externalmessage.txt  Set-MailboxAutoReplyConfiguration -Identity First.Last@berkadia.com -AutoReplyState Scheduled -ExternalAudience All -StartTime ""7/01/2012 07:00:00"" -EndTime ""9/01/2010 18:00:00"" -InternalMessage  $internalmessage -ExternalMessage $externalmessage  Pasted from <http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2667296>  Disable External Out of Office Reply Set-MailboxAutoReplyConfiguration username -ExternalAudience none      Import/Migrate PST To Archive Monday, September 24, 2012 11:44 AM The following steps  show how to import a PST into a user's Archive Mailbox. Please note that Archive Mailboxes have a 25GB l imit so the cumulative size of the PSTs you import  must be less than that 1. 2. Copy user's PSTs toIm (D:\PST on PA508EXCAHT1) and create a subfolder with the users username Verify they have an Archive Mailbox a. b. Get-Mailbox username | fl ArchiveDatabase If they do, skip to Step 4 3. If they do not, ensure they understand the changes (e.g. automatic archiving, etc) and enable them for one a. Add-ArchiveMailbox username i. This command requires the custom PowerShell profile to be on your machine. If it isn't, copy profile.ps1 from \\gmaccm.com\WDS\Scripts\PowerShell to C: \Windows\System32\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0 AND C:\Windows\ySysWOW64\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0 4. Import the PSTs a. Import-PSTtoArchiveMailbox  username i. This command above is a much simpler function I wrote that does all of this… 1) $user=""username"";Get-ChildItem ""\\PA508EXCAHT1\pst$\$user"" | % {New-MailboxImportRequest -Mailbox $user -IsArchive -BadItemLimit 40 - FilePath ""$($_.FullName)"" -TargetRootFolder ""$(($_.Name).Substring(0,($_.Name).LastIndexOf('.')))"" -Name ""$($user)-$($_.Name)"" -BatchName $user} ii. iii. This will create the subfolders listed as TargetRootFolder if they do not exist The Name will be used to identity the MailboxImportRequest so you should make them unique 5. Check the status of the imports a. Get-MailboxImportRequest -BatchName username | Get-MailboxImportRequestStatistics 6. Once all imports have completed successfully, remove the requests a. b. Get-MailboxImportRequest -BatchName username | Remove-MailboxImportRequest -Confirm:$false Create and move all of the PSTs that were imported into a folder called IMPORTED TO ARCHIVE on user's O drive NOTE: When you enable someone with an Archive Mailbox, the Managed Folder Assistant will automatically run at a random interval eve ry 24 hours. If someone is over their size  limit and needs to space cleared up sooner, you can force the Assistant to run immediately       Disabling a Mailbox giovedì 16 giugno 2016 07:49 Disabling a Mailbox can be best defined as removing exchange related information from a user in active directory. In essence, the account will remain in active directory but  the mailbox attached to it will be disabled and deleted after the default mailbox retention period.  To do this in the EMC, just right click on the user and click on Disable.  Do not Click on Remove! This will Delete the user and the mailbox from Active Directory. It is rare that a situation will require this type of action. Relevant Powershell Command: Disable-Mailbox -Identity mailboxname -Confirm:$false    ","follow time go forward. follow time go forward. follow time go forward. follow time go forward. follow time go forward. follow time go forward. follow time go forward. follow time go forward. follow time go forward. follow time go forward. tuesday, may 29, 2018 4:25 pm office 365 licen... service users approval mark mccool sue verguldi. bill cancel: future goals users o365 applications available them, however still progress security initiatives need complete prior thus specific group service dept users etc keep users applications approve for. change get items place update time. please note add detail license users, migrate mail. group description office 365 apps: assign available o365 license user (except visio) office 365 service users: group service users. apply local o365 ctr license, exchange, yammer office 365 teams: apply o365 team license. would use service dept users exceptions. request need ticket create approve mark mccool sue vergaldi prior add group. office 365 visio: apply visio license. separate charge license. please make sure ticket enter follow info provided. – management approval, -business justification, -use form (we need establish whether user need license permanently small time frame. sperate license ability turn short time turn longer needed. give us ability purchase less license still ability use multiple people. ) cover majority users, exceptions deal case case basis ticket escalate necessary. one note included. information sync o365 every 15 minutes. mean license instantaneously applied. sometimes depend sync process you’ve add user group could take two sync apply. set office/auto reply via powershell wednesday, may 23, 2012 2:00 pm set office message use exchange 2010 powershell, run follow cmdlet exchange powershell window configure detail information office message setup: enable (internal external) set-mailboxautoreplyconfiguration username -autoreplystate enable -externalaudience -internalmessage ""message"" -externalmessage ""message"" schedule (internal external) set-mailboxautoreplyconfiguration username -autoreplystate schedule -externalaudience -starttime ""7/01/2012 07:00:00"" -endtime ""9/01/2010 18:00:00"" -internalmessage ""message"" - externalmessage ""message"" confirm office get-mailboxautoreplyconfiguration -identity username note starttime endtime parameters use autoreplystate set set enabled. want html signature instead plain text signature, must use text file load message. cannot use html character exchange powershell directly. therefore, html character must import text file. this, follow steps: 1. create internalmessage.txt document externalmessage.txt document contain request messages. run follow cmdlets exchange powershell window: 1. 2. 3. $internalmessage = get-content internalmessage.txt $externalmessage = get-content externalmessage.txt set-mailboxautoreplyconfiguration -identity first.last@berkadia.com -autoreplystate schedule -externalaudience -starttime ""7/01/2012 07:00:00"" -endtime ""9/01/2010 18:00:00"" -internalmessage $internalmessage -externalmessage $externalmessage paste <http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2667296> disable external office reply set-mailboxautoreplyconfiguration username -externalaudience none import/migrate pst archive monday, september 24, 2012 11:44 follow step show import pst user's archive mailbox. please note archive mailboxes 25gb l imit cumulative size psts import must less 1. 2. copy user's psts toim (d:\pst pa508excaht1) create subfolder users username verify archive mailbox a. b. get-mailbox username | fl archivedatabase do, skip step 4 3. not, ensure understand change (e.g. automatic archiving, etc) enable one a. add-archivemailbox username i. command require custom powershell profile machine. isn't, copy profile.ps1 \\gmaccm.com\wds\scripts\powershell c: \windows\system32\windowspowershell\v1.0 c:\windows\ysyswow64\windowspowershell\v1.0 4. import psts a. import-psttoarchivemailbox username i. command much simpler function write this… 1) $user=""username"";get-childitem ""\\pa508excaht1\pst$\$user"" | % {new-mailboximportrequest -mailbox $user -isarchive -baditemlimit 40 - filepath ""$($_.fullname)"" -targetrootfolder ""$(($_.name).substring(0,($_.name).lastindexof('.')))"" -name ""$($user)-$($_.name)"" -batchname $user} ii. iii. create subfolders list targetrootfolder exist name use identity mailboximportrequest make unique 5. check status import a. get-mailboximportrequest -batchname username | get-mailboximportrequeststatistics 6. import complete successfully, remove request a. b. get-mailboximportrequest -batchname username | remove-mailboximportrequest -confirm:$false create move psts import folder call import archive user's drive note: enable someone archive mailbox, manage folder assistant automatically run random interval eve ry 24 hours. someone size limit need space clear sooner, force assistant run immediately disable mailbox giovedì 16 giugno 2016 07:49 disable mailbox best define remove exchange relate information user active directory. essence, account remain active directory mailbox attach disable delete default mailbox retention period. emc, right click user click disable. click remove! delete user mailbox active directory. rare situation require type action. relevant powershell command: disable-mailbox -identity mailboxname -confirm:$false","AND SHOULD BE FOLLOWED AT ALL TIMES GOING FORWARD. AND SHOULD BE FOLLOWED AT ALL TIMES GOING FORWARD.   Tuesday, May 29, 2018 4:25 PM RE  Office 365 Licen... SERVICING USERS WITH APPROVAL FROM MARK MCCOOL OR SUE VERGULDI. From Bill Cancel: Our future goals are to have all users have all of the O365 applications available to them, however  we are still in the progress with some Security initiatives that need to be completed prior to this thus  there are some specific groups for servicing dept users etc that keep those users out of the  applications they have not been approved for. This will change as we get these items in place and I  will update at that time. Please note this will add the detailed licenses to the users, this will not migrate their mail. Groups and Description Office 365 All Apps: This will assign all of the available O365 licenses to a user (Except Visio) Office 365 Servicing Users: This is the group for Servicing users. This will apply the Local O365 CTR  license, Exchange, and Yammer Only Office 365 Teams: This will apply the O365 Teams license. This would be used for Servicing dept  users EXCEPTIONS.  Any requests for this need to have a ticket created and be approved by Mark  McCool or Sue Vergaldi prior to adding them to this group.  Office 365 Visio: This will apply the Visio license. This is a separate charged license. Please make sure  a ticket is entered for this and the following info is provided. – Management Approval, -Business  Justification, -Use Form (We need to establish whether the user needs this license permanently or  just for a small time frame. With this being a sperate license we have the ability to turn this on for a  short time and then turn it off when it is no longer needed. This gives us the ability to purchase less  licenses and still have the ability to use it for multiple people. ) This should cover the majority of our users, if there are exceptions we will deal with them on a case  to case basis with Tickets escalated as necessary.  One other note that I should have included.  This information syncs up to O365 every 15 minutes.  Which means the license is not instantaneously applied.  Sometimes depending on where the sync  process is and when you’ve added the user to the group it could take two syncs to apply.       Set Out of Office/Auto Reply via PowerShell Wednesday, May 23, 2012 2:00 PM To set up out of office messages by using Exchange 2010 PowerShell, run the following cmdlet in the Exchange PowerShell window to configure detailed information about the out of office message  setup: Enabled (Internal and External) Set-MailboxAutoReplyConfiguration username -AutoReplyState Enabled -ExternalAudience All -InternalMessage ""message"" -ExternalMessage ""message"" Scheduled (Internal and External) Set-MailboxAutoReplyConfiguration username -AutoReplyState Scheduled -ExternalAudience All -StartTime ""7/01/2012 07:00:00"" -EndTime ""9/01/2010 18:00:00"" -InternalMessage ""message"" - ExternalMessage ""message""  Confirm Out of Office Get-MailboxAutoReplyConfiguration -Identity username Notes The StartTime and EndTime parameters are not used the AutoReplyState setting is set to Enabled. If you want to have an HTML signature instead of a plain text signature, you must use a text file to load the message. You cannot use HTML characters in Exchange PowerShell directly. Therefore, the  HTML characters must be imported through a text file. To do this, follow these steps: 1. Create an internalmessage.txt document and an externalmessage.txt document that contain the requested messages. Run the following cmdlets in the Exchange PowerShell window: 1. 2. 3. $internalmessage = Get-Content internalmessage.txt  $externalmessage = Get-Content externalmessage.txt  Set-MailboxAutoReplyConfiguration -Identity First.Last@berkadia.com -AutoReplyState Scheduled -ExternalAudience All -StartTime ""7/01/2012 07:00:00"" -EndTime ""9/01/2010 18:00:00"" -InternalMessage  $internalmessage -ExternalMessage $externalmessage  Pasted from <http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2667296>  Disable External Out of Office Reply Set-MailboxAutoReplyConfiguration username -ExternalAudience none      Import/Migrate PST To Archive Monday, September 24, 2012 11:44 AM The following steps  show how to import a PST into a user's Archive Mailbox. Please note that Archive Mailboxes have a 25GB l imit so the cumulative size of the PSTs you import  must be less than that 1. 2. Copy user's PSTs toIm (D:\PST on PA508EXCAHT1) and create a subfolder with the users username Verify they have an Archive Mailbox a. b. Get-Mailbox username | fl ArchiveDatabase If they do, skip to Step 4 3. If they do not, ensure they understand the changes (e.g. automatic archiving, etc) and enable them for one a. Add-ArchiveMailbox username i. This command requires the custom PowerShell profile to be on your machine. If it isn't, copy profile.ps1 from \\gmaccm.com\WDS\Scripts\PowerShell to C: \Windows\System32\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0 AND C:\Windows\ySysWOW64\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0 4. Import the PSTs a. Import-PSTtoArchiveMailbox  username i. This command above is a much simpler function I wrote that does all of this… 1) $user=""username"";Get-ChildItem ""\\PA508EXCAHT1\pst$\$user"" | % {New-MailboxImportRequest -Mailbox $user -IsArchive -BadItemLimit 40 - FilePath ""$($_.FullName)"" -TargetRootFolder ""$(($_.Name).Substring(0,($_.Name).LastIndexOf('.')))"" -Name ""$($user)-$($_.Name)"" -BatchName $user} ii. iii. This will create the subfolders listed as TargetRootFolder if they do not exist The Name will be used to identity the MailboxImportRequest so you should make them unique 5. Check the status of the imports a. Get-MailboxImportRequest -BatchName username | Get-MailboxImportRequestStatistics 6. Once all imports have completed successfully, remove the requests a. b. Get-MailboxImportRequest -BatchName username | Remove-MailboxImportRequest -Confirm:$false Create and move all of the PSTs that were imported into a folder called IMPORTED TO ARCHIVE on user's O drive NOTE: When you enable someone with an Archive Mailbox, the Managed Folder Assistant will automatically run at a random interval eve ry 24 hours. If someone is over their size  limit and needs to space cleared up sooner, you can force the Assistant to run immediately       Disabling a Mailbox giovedì 16 giugno 2016 07:49 Disabling a Mailbox can be best defined as removing exchange related information from a user in active directory. In essence, the account will remain in active directory but  the mailbox attached to it will be disabled and deleted after the default mailbox retention period.  To do this in the EMC, just right click on the user and click on Disable.  Do not Click on Remove! This will Delete the user and the mailbox from Active Directory. It is rare that a situation will require this type of action. Relevant Powershell Command: Disable-Mailbox -Identity mailboxname -Confirm:$false    ","follow time go forward. follow time go forward. tuesday, may 29, 2018 4:25 pm office 365 licen... service users approval mark mccool sue verguldi. bill cancel: future goals users o365 applications available them, however still progress security initiatives need complete prior thus specific group service dept users etc keep users applications approve for. change get items place update time. please note add detail license users, migrate mail. group description office 365 apps: assign available o365 license user (except visio) office 365 service users: group service users. apply local o365 ctr license, exchange, yammer office 365 teams: apply o365 team license. would use service dept users exceptions. request need ticket create approve mark mccool sue vergaldi prior add group. office 365 visio: apply visio license. separate charge license. please make sure ticket enter follow info provided. – management approval, -business justification, -use form (we need establish whether user need license permanently small time frame. sperate license ability turn short time turn longer needed. give us ability purchase less license still ability use multiple people. ) cover majority users, exceptions deal case case basis ticket escalate necessary. one note included. information sync o365 every 15 minutes. mean license instantaneously applied. sometimes depend sync process you’ve add user group could take two sync apply. set office/auto reply via powershell wednesday, may 23, 2012 2:00 pm set office message use exchange 2010 powershell, run follow cmdlet exchange powershell window configure detail information office message setup: enable (internal external) set-mailboxautoreplyconfiguration username -autoreplystate enable -externalaudience -internalmessage ""message"" -externalmessage ""message"" schedule (internal external) set-mailboxautoreplyconfiguration username -autoreplystate schedule -externalaudience -starttime ""7/01/2012 07:00:00"" -endtime ""9/01/2010 18:00:00"" -internalmessage ""message"" - externalmessage ""message"" confirm office get-mailboxautoreplyconfiguration -identity username note starttime endtime parameters use autoreplystate set set enabled. want html signature instead plain text signature, must use text file load message. cannot use html character exchange powershell directly. therefore, html character must import text file. this, follow steps: 1. create internalmessage.txt document externalmessage.txt document contain request messages. run follow cmdlets exchange powershell window: 1. 2. 3. $internalmessage = get-content internalmessage.txt $externalmessage = get-content externalmessage.txt set-mailboxautoreplyconfiguration -identity first.last@berkadia.com -autoreplystate schedule -externalaudience -starttime ""7/01/2012 07:00:00"" -endtime ""9/01/2010 18:00:00"" -internalmessage $internalmessage -externalmessage $externalmessage paste <http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2667296> disable external office reply set-mailboxautoreplyconfiguration username -externalaudience none import/migrate pst archive monday, september 24, 2012 11:44 follow step show import pst user's archive mailbox. please note archive mailboxes 25gb l imit cumulative size psts import must less 1. 2. copy user's psts toim (d:\pst pa508excaht1) create subfolder users username verify archive mailbox a. b. get-mailbox username | fl archivedatabase do, skip step 4 3. not, ensure understand change (e.g. automatic archiving, etc) enable one a. add-archivemailbox username i. command require custom powershell profile machine. isn't, copy profile.ps1 \\gmaccm.com\wds\scripts\powershell c: \windows\system32\windowspowershell\v1.0 c:\windows\ysyswow64\windowspowershell\v1.0 4. import psts a. import-psttoarchivemailbox username i. command much simpler function write this… 1) $user=""username"";get-childitem ""\\pa508excaht1\pst$\$user"" | % {new-mailboximportrequest -mailbox $user -isarchive -baditemlimit 40 - filepath ""$($_.fullname)"" -targetrootfolder ""$(($_.name).substring(0,($_.name).lastindexof('.')))"" -name ""$($user)-$($_.name)"" -batchname $user} ii. iii. create subfolders list targetrootfolder exist name use identity mailboximportrequest make unique 5. check status import a. get-mailboximportrequest -batchname username | get-mailboximportrequeststatistics 6. import complete successfully, remove request a. b. get-mailboximportrequest -batchname username | remove-mailboximportrequest -confirm:$false create move psts import folder call import archive user's drive note: enable someone archive mailbox, manage folder assistant automatically run random interval eve ry 24 hours. someone size limit need space clear sooner, force assistant run immediately disable mailbox giovedì 16 giugno 2016 07:49 disable mailbox best define remove exchange relate information user active directory. essence, account remain active directory mailbox attach disable delete default mailbox retention period. emc, right click user click disable. click remove! delete user mailbox active directory. rare situation require type action. relevant powershell command: disable-mailbox -identity mailboxname -confirm:$false"
35,ARCHIVE - Installing Checkpoint 7.5 (aka OLD Checkpoint)," Thursday, April 7, 2016 4:30 PM ARCHIVED - THIS IS  NO LONGER THE PRODUCTION VERSION OF CHECKPOINT AND YOU SHOULD NOT INSTALL THIS  VERSION OF CHECKPOINT ON ANY COMPUTERS WITHOUT SPEAKING TO A DESKTOP ENGINEER FIRST On the machine you are working on browse to \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic and locate the FDE 7.5 folder Launch CPEndpointSecurity7_5.3.sfx Yes at the UAC prompt      The installer will extract the files, click Yes when asked about hash match Installer will run Click Yes when prompted to restart      Computer will reboot and come up to the Checkpoint login screen Login using your ""old"" Checkpoint Admin login, and continue with logging in to Windows Click Start --> All Programs --> Checkpoint --> Endpoint Security --> Management Console Login using your ""old"" Checkpoint Admin login      When Checkpoint opens up, click Local and then click Edit Settings Expand User and then right click on User Accounts and select Add User Account      In the User account name box input the users AD username, make sure Password is selected and click Next For Password and Confirm Password input a complex password and make sure the Force change of password at next  logon box is checked, then click Next      Click Finish If prompted to Save Changes click Yes. Close out of Checkpoint Management Console Print out copy of Checkpoint Password Letter or Welcome Letter so user knows what you set the initial Checkpoint  password to    ","[70, 0, 70, 776]","[1228, 1233]","ARCHIVE - Installing Checkpoint 7.5 (aka OLD Checkpoint) ARCHIVE - Installing Checkpoint 7.5 (aka OLD Checkpoint) ARCHIVE - Installing Checkpoint 7.5 (aka OLD Checkpoint) ARCHIVE - Installing Checkpoint 7.5 (aka OLD Checkpoint) ARCHIVE - Installing Checkpoint 7.5 (aka OLD Checkpoint) ARCHIVE - Installing Checkpoint 7.5 (aka OLD Checkpoint) ARCHIVE - Installing Checkpoint 7.5 (aka OLD Checkpoint) ARCHIVE - Installing Checkpoint 7.5 (aka OLD Checkpoint) ARCHIVE - Installing Checkpoint 7.5 (aka OLD Checkpoint) ARCHIVE - Installing Checkpoint 7.5 (aka OLD Checkpoint)   Thursday, April 7, 2016 4:30 PM ARCHIVED - THIS IS  NO LONGER THE PRODUCTION VERSION OF CHECKPOINT AND YOU SHOULD NOT INSTALL THIS  VERSION OF CHECKPOINT ON ANY COMPUTERS WITHOUT SPEAKING TO A DESKTOP ENGINEER FIRST On the machine you are working on browse to \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic and locate the FDE 7.5 folder Launch CPEndpointSecurity7_5.3.sfx Yes at the UAC prompt      The installer will extract the files, click Yes when asked about hash match Installer will run Click Yes when prompted to restart      Computer will reboot and come up to the Checkpoint login screen Login using your ""old"" Checkpoint Admin login, and continue with logging in to Windows Click Start --> All Programs --> Checkpoint --> Endpoint Security --> Management Console Login using your ""old"" Checkpoint Admin login      When Checkpoint opens up, click Local and then click Edit Settings Expand User and then right click on User Accounts and select Add User Account      In the User account name box input the users AD username, make sure Password is selected and click Next For Password and Confirm Password input a complex password and make sure the Force change of password at next  logon box is checked, then click Next      Click Finish If prompted to Save Changes click Yes. Close out of Checkpoint Management Console Print out copy of Checkpoint Password Letter or Welcome Letter so user knows what you set the initial Checkpoint  password to    ","archive - instal checkpoint 7.5 (aka old checkpoint) archive - instal checkpoint 7.5 (aka old checkpoint) archive - instal checkpoint 7.5 (aka old checkpoint) archive - instal checkpoint 7.5 (aka old checkpoint) archive - instal checkpoint 7.5 (aka old checkpoint) archive - instal checkpoint 7.5 (aka old checkpoint) archive - instal checkpoint 7.5 (aka old checkpoint) archive - instal checkpoint 7.5 (aka old checkpoint) archive - instal checkpoint 7.5 (aka old checkpoint) archive - instal checkpoint 7.5 (aka old checkpoint) thursday, april 7, 2016 4:30 pm archive - longer production version checkpoint install version checkpoint computers without speak desktop engineer first machine work browse \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic locate fde 7.5 folder launch cpendpointsecurity7_5.3.sfx yes uac prompt installer extract files, click yes ask hash match installer run click yes prompt restart computer reboot come checkpoint login screen login use ""old"" checkpoint admin login, continue log windows click start --> program --> checkpoint --> endpoint security --> management console login use ""old"" checkpoint admin login checkpoint open up, click local click edit settings expand user right click user account select add user account user account name box input users ad username, make sure password select click next password confirm password input complex password make sure force change password next logon box checked, click next click finish prompt save change click yes. close checkpoint management console print copy checkpoint password letter welcome letter user know set initial checkpoint password","ARCHIVE - Installing Checkpoint 7.5 (aka OLD Checkpoint) ARCHIVE - Installing Checkpoint 7.5 (aka OLD Checkpoint)   Thursday, April 7, 2016 4:30 PM ARCHIVED - THIS IS  NO LONGER THE PRODUCTION VERSION OF CHECKPOINT AND YOU SHOULD NOT INSTALL THIS  VERSION OF CHECKPOINT ON ANY COMPUTERS WITHOUT SPEAKING TO A DESKTOP ENGINEER FIRST On the machine you are working on browse to \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic and locate the FDE 7.5 folder Launch CPEndpointSecurity7_5.3.sfx Yes at the UAC prompt      The installer will extract the files, click Yes when asked about hash match Installer will run Click Yes when prompted to restart      Computer will reboot and come up to the Checkpoint login screen Login using your ""old"" Checkpoint Admin login, and continue with logging in to Windows Click Start --> All Programs --> Checkpoint --> Endpoint Security --> Management Console Login using your ""old"" Checkpoint Admin login      When Checkpoint opens up, click Local and then click Edit Settings Expand User and then right click on User Accounts and select Add User Account      In the User account name box input the users AD username, make sure Password is selected and click Next For Password and Confirm Password input a complex password and make sure the Force change of password at next  logon box is checked, then click Next      Click Finish If prompted to Save Changes click Yes. Close out of Checkpoint Management Console Print out copy of Checkpoint Password Letter or Welcome Letter so user knows what you set the initial Checkpoint  password to    ","archive - instal checkpoint 7.5 (aka old checkpoint) archive - instal checkpoint 7.5 (aka old checkpoint) thursday, april 7, 2016 4:30 pm archive - longer production version checkpoint install version checkpoint computers without speak desktop engineer first machine work browse \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic locate fde 7.5 folder launch cpendpointsecurity7_5.3.sfx yes uac prompt installer extract files, click yes ask hash match installer run click yes prompt restart computer reboot come checkpoint login screen login use ""old"" checkpoint admin login, continue log windows click start --> program --> checkpoint --> endpoint security --> management console login use ""old"" checkpoint admin login checkpoint open up, click local click edit settings expand user right click user account select add user account user account name box input users ad username, make sure password select click next password confirm password input complex password make sure force change password next logon box checked, click next click finish prompt save change click yes. close checkpoint management console print copy checkpoint password letter welcome letter user know set initial checkpoint password"
36,ARCHIVE - Laptop Build Checklist (9480m)," Thursday, June 16, 2016 9:20 AM Use this checklist when building a new 9480m NEW Laptop Bu...    ","[72, 0, 170, 775]",[1234],"ARCHIVE - Laptop Build Checklist (9480m) ARCHIVE - Laptop Build Checklist (9480m) ARCHIVE - Laptop Build Checklist (9480m) ARCHIVE - Laptop Build Checklist (9480m) ARCHIVE - Laptop Build Checklist (9480m) ARCHIVE - Laptop Build Checklist (9480m) ARCHIVE - Laptop Build Checklist (9480m) ARCHIVE - Laptop Build Checklist (9480m) ARCHIVE - Laptop Build Checklist (9480m) ARCHIVE - Laptop Build Checklist (9480m)   Thursday, June 16, 2016 9:20 AM Use this checklist when building a new 9480m NEW Laptop Bu...    ","archive - laptop build checklist (9480m) archive - laptop build checklist (9480m) archive - laptop build checklist (9480m) archive - laptop build checklist (9480m) archive - laptop build checklist (9480m) archive - laptop build checklist (9480m) archive - laptop build checklist (9480m) archive - laptop build checklist (9480m) archive - laptop build checklist (9480m) archive - laptop build checklist (9480m) thursday, june 16, 2016 9:20 use checklist build new 9480m new laptop bu...","ARCHIVE - Laptop Build Checklist (9480m) ARCHIVE - Laptop Build Checklist (9480m)   Thursday, June 16, 2016 9:20 AM Use this checklist when building a new 9480m NEW Laptop Bu...    ","archive - laptop build checklist (9480m) archive - laptop build checklist (9480m) thursday, june 16, 2016 9:20 use checklist build new 9480m new laptop bu..."
37,ARCHIVE 840 G3 Imaging Issues," Wednesday, December 21, 2016 4:46 PM Use this document to help correct issues you may encounter after the imaging process on an 840 G3  laptop Troublesho oting HP ...    ","[72, 0, 203, 775]",[1259],"ARCHIVE 840 G3 Imaging Issues ARCHIVE 840 G3 Imaging Issues ARCHIVE 840 G3 Imaging Issues ARCHIVE 840 G3 Imaging Issues ARCHIVE 840 G3 Imaging Issues ARCHIVE 840 G3 Imaging Issues ARCHIVE 840 G3 Imaging Issues ARCHIVE 840 G3 Imaging Issues ARCHIVE 840 G3 Imaging Issues ARCHIVE 840 G3 Imaging Issues   Wednesday, December 21, 2016 4:46 PM Use this document to help correct issues you may encounter after the imaging process on an 840 G3  laptop Troublesho oting HP ...    ","archive 840 g3 image issue archive 840 g3 image issue archive 840 g3 image issue archive 840 g3 image issue archive 840 g3 image issue archive 840 g3 image issue archive 840 g3 image issue archive 840 g3 image issue archive 840 g3 image issue archive 840 g3 image issue wednesday, december 21, 2016 4:46 pm use document help correct issue may encounter image process 840 g3 laptop troublesho oting hp ...","ARCHIVE 840 G3 Imaging Issues ARCHIVE 840 G3 Imaging Issues   Wednesday, December 21, 2016 4:46 PM Use this document to help correct issues you may encounter after the imaging process on an 840 G3  laptop Troublesho oting HP ...    ","archive 840 g3 image issue archive 840 g3 image issue wednesday, december 21, 2016 4:46 pm use document help correct issue may encounter image process 840 g3 laptop troublesho oting hp ..."
38,ARCHIVE 840 G3 Windows 7 BIOS Changes," Tuesday, August 16, 2016 2:35 PM THIS IS DOCUMENTATION CONTAINS THE STEPS TO MODIFY THE BIOS ON AN 840 G3 LAPTOP FOR  OUR CURRENT PRODUCTION WINDOWS 7 IMAGE - THESE STEPS CORRESPOND TO THE FIRST TWO  ITEMS ON THE NEW LAPTOP BUILD CHECKLIST (840G3) **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** The 840 G3 laptop is built and shipped from HP so that it is optimized for Windows 10 using UEFI.  Because we are not ready to image machines using a process that accommodates UEFI, we need to  change the Secure Boot settings in the BIOS before we can image one of the 840 G3 laptops. The following shows you how to turn off UEFI Secure Boot in the BIOS so you can image the new  laptop. Power on the laptop and hit [F10] to access the BIOS You will see this screen Click at the top where it says Advanced and then you will see this screen      Click where it says Secure Boot Configuration and then you will see this screen Where it says Configure Legacy Support and Secure Boot this is a pull down. You need to pull the  menu down and select the Legacy Support Enable and Secure Boot Disable option      Select Exit and Save your changes when prompted Laptop will reboot and you will see a screen that looks like this In order to complete the Settings change you need to type the 4 digit code display at the bottom of  the screen and then hit [ENTER]. The laptop will beep several times and reboot.    ","[67, 1, 67, 777]","[1260, 1262]","ARCHIVE 840 G3 Windows 7 BIOS Changes ARCHIVE 840 G3 Windows 7 BIOS Changes ARCHIVE 840 G3 Windows 7 BIOS Changes ARCHIVE 840 G3 Windows 7 BIOS Changes ARCHIVE 840 G3 Windows 7 BIOS Changes ARCHIVE 840 G3 Windows 7 BIOS Changes ARCHIVE 840 G3 Windows 7 BIOS Changes ARCHIVE 840 G3 Windows 7 BIOS Changes ARCHIVE 840 G3 Windows 7 BIOS Changes ARCHIVE 840 G3 Windows 7 BIOS Changes   Tuesday, August 16, 2016 2:35 PM THIS IS DOCUMENTATION CONTAINS THE STEPS TO MODIFY THE BIOS ON AN 840 G3 LAPTOP FOR  OUR CURRENT PRODUCTION WINDOWS 7 IMAGE - THESE STEPS CORRESPOND TO THE FIRST TWO  ITEMS ON THE NEW LAPTOP BUILD CHECKLIST (840G3) **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** The 840 G3 laptop is built and shipped from HP so that it is optimized for Windows 10 using UEFI.  Because we are not ready to image machines using a process that accommodates UEFI, we need to  change the Secure Boot settings in the BIOS before we can image one of the 840 G3 laptops. The following shows you how to turn off UEFI Secure Boot in the BIOS so you can image the new  laptop. Power on the laptop and hit [F10] to access the BIOS You will see this screen Click at the top where it says Advanced and then you will see this screen      Click where it says Secure Boot Configuration and then you will see this screen Where it says Configure Legacy Support and Secure Boot this is a pull down. You need to pull the  menu down and select the Legacy Support Enable and Secure Boot Disable option      Select Exit and Save your changes when prompted Laptop will reboot and you will see a screen that looks like this In order to complete the Settings change you need to type the 4 digit code display at the bottom of  the screen and then hit [ENTER]. The laptop will beep several times and reboot.    ","archive 840 g3 windows 7 bios change archive 840 g3 windows 7 bios change archive 840 g3 windows 7 bios change archive 840 g3 windows 7 bios change archive 840 g3 windows 7 bios change archive 840 g3 windows 7 bios change archive 840 g3 windows 7 bios change archive 840 g3 windows 7 bios change archive 840 g3 windows 7 bios change archive 840 g3 windows 7 bios change tuesday, august 16, 2016 2:35 pm documentation contain step modify bios 840 g3 laptop current production windows 7 image - step correspond first two items new laptop build checklist (840g3) **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** 840 g3 laptop build ship hp optimize windows 10 use uefi. ready image machine use process accommodate uefi, need change secure boot settings bios image one 840 g3 laptops. follow show turn uefi secure boot bios image new laptop. power laptop hit [f10] access bios see screen click top say advance see screen click say secure boot configuration see screen say configure legacy support secure boot pull down. need pull menu select legacy support enable secure boot disable option select exit save change prompt laptop reboot see screen look like order complete settings change need type 4 digit code display bottom screen hit [enter]. laptop beep several time reboot.","ARCHIVE 840 G3 Windows 7 BIOS Changes ARCHIVE 840 G3 Windows 7 BIOS Changes   Tuesday, August 16, 2016 2:35 PM THIS IS DOCUMENTATION CONTAINS THE STEPS TO MODIFY THE BIOS ON AN 840 G3 LAPTOP FOR  OUR CURRENT PRODUCTION WINDOWS 7 IMAGE - THESE STEPS CORRESPOND TO THE FIRST TWO  ITEMS ON THE NEW LAPTOP BUILD CHECKLIST (840G3) **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** The 840 G3 laptop is built and shipped from HP so that it is optimized for Windows 10 using UEFI.  Because we are not ready to image machines using a process that accommodates UEFI, we need to  change the Secure Boot settings in the BIOS before we can image one of the 840 G3 laptops. The following shows you how to turn off UEFI Secure Boot in the BIOS so you can image the new  laptop. Power on the laptop and hit [F10] to access the BIOS You will see this screen Click at the top where it says Advanced and then you will see this screen      Click where it says Secure Boot Configuration and then you will see this screen Where it says Configure Legacy Support and Secure Boot this is a pull down. You need to pull the  menu down and select the Legacy Support Enable and Secure Boot Disable option      Select Exit and Save your changes when prompted Laptop will reboot and you will see a screen that looks like this In order to complete the Settings change you need to type the 4 digit code display at the bottom of  the screen and then hit [ENTER]. The laptop will beep several times and reboot.    ","archive 840 g3 windows 7 bios change archive 840 g3 windows 7 bios change tuesday, august 16, 2016 2:35 pm documentation contain step modify bios 840 g3 laptop current production windows 7 image - step correspond first two items new laptop build checklist (840g3) **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** 840 g3 laptop build ship hp optimize windows 10 use uefi. ready image machine use process accommodate uefi, need change secure boot settings bios image one 840 g3 laptops. follow show turn uefi secure boot bios image new laptop. power laptop hit [f10] access bios see screen click top say advance see screen click say secure boot configuration see screen say configure legacy support secure boot pull down. need pull menu select legacy support enable secure boot disable option select exit save change prompt laptop reboot see screen look like order complete settings change need type 4 digit code display bottom screen hit [enter]. laptop beep several time reboot."
39,ARCHIVE REPURPOSE Desktop Build Checklist (All Models)," Monday, July 24, 2017 11:31 AM Use this checklist when reimaging or repurposing an existing desktop (any model) REPURPOSE Desktop B...    ","[72, 0, 162, 775]",[1258],"ARCHIVE REPURPOSE Desktop Build Checklist (All Models) ARCHIVE REPURPOSE Desktop Build Checklist (All Models) ARCHIVE REPURPOSE Desktop Build Checklist (All Models) ARCHIVE REPURPOSE Desktop Build Checklist (All Models) ARCHIVE REPURPOSE Desktop Build Checklist (All Models) ARCHIVE REPURPOSE Desktop Build Checklist (All Models) ARCHIVE REPURPOSE Desktop Build Checklist (All Models) ARCHIVE REPURPOSE Desktop Build Checklist (All Models) ARCHIVE REPURPOSE Desktop Build Checklist (All Models) ARCHIVE REPURPOSE Desktop Build Checklist (All Models)   Monday, July 24, 2017 11:31 AM Use this checklist when reimaging or repurposing an existing desktop (any model) REPURPOSE Desktop B...    ","archive repurpose desktop build checklist (all models) archive repurpose desktop build checklist (all models) archive repurpose desktop build checklist (all models) archive repurpose desktop build checklist (all models) archive repurpose desktop build checklist (all models) archive repurpose desktop build checklist (all models) archive repurpose desktop build checklist (all models) archive repurpose desktop build checklist (all models) archive repurpose desktop build checklist (all models) archive repurpose desktop build checklist (all models) monday, july 24, 2017 11:31 use checklist reimaging repurposing exist desktop (any model) repurpose desktop b...","ARCHIVE REPURPOSE Desktop Build Checklist (All Models) ARCHIVE REPURPOSE Desktop Build Checklist (All Models)   Monday, July 24, 2017 11:31 AM Use this checklist when reimaging or repurposing an existing desktop (any model) REPURPOSE Desktop B...    ","archive repurpose desktop build checklist (all models) archive repurpose desktop build checklist (all models) monday, july 24, 2017 11:31 use checklist reimaging repurposing exist desktop (any model) repurpose desktop b..."
40,ARCHIVE REPURPOSE Laptop Build Checklist (All Models)," Monday, July 24, 2017 11:30 AM Use this checklist when reimaging or repurposing an existing desktop (any model) REPURPOSE Laptop Bu...    ","[72, 0, 162, 775]",[1257],"ARCHIVE REPURPOSE Laptop Build Checklist (All Models) ARCHIVE REPURPOSE Laptop Build Checklist (All Models) ARCHIVE REPURPOSE Laptop Build Checklist (All Models) ARCHIVE REPURPOSE Laptop Build Checklist (All Models) ARCHIVE REPURPOSE Laptop Build Checklist (All Models) ARCHIVE REPURPOSE Laptop Build Checklist (All Models) ARCHIVE REPURPOSE Laptop Build Checklist (All Models) ARCHIVE REPURPOSE Laptop Build Checklist (All Models) ARCHIVE REPURPOSE Laptop Build Checklist (All Models) ARCHIVE REPURPOSE Laptop Build Checklist (All Models)   Monday, July 24, 2017 11:30 AM Use this checklist when reimaging or repurposing an existing desktop (any model) REPURPOSE Laptop Bu...    ","archive repurpose laptop build checklist (all models) archive repurpose laptop build checklist (all models) archive repurpose laptop build checklist (all models) archive repurpose laptop build checklist (all models) archive repurpose laptop build checklist (all models) archive repurpose laptop build checklist (all models) archive repurpose laptop build checklist (all models) archive repurpose laptop build checklist (all models) archive repurpose laptop build checklist (all models) archive repurpose laptop build checklist (all models) monday, july 24, 2017 11:30 use checklist reimaging repurposing exist desktop (any model) repurpose laptop bu...","ARCHIVE REPURPOSE Laptop Build Checklist (All Models) ARCHIVE REPURPOSE Laptop Build Checklist (All Models)   Monday, July 24, 2017 11:30 AM Use this checklist when reimaging or repurposing an existing desktop (any model) REPURPOSE Laptop Bu...    ","archive repurpose laptop build checklist (all models) archive repurpose laptop build checklist (all models) monday, july 24, 2017 11:30 use checklist reimaging repurposing exist desktop (any model) repurpose laptop bu..."
41,ARCHIVE WIN 10 - 840 G3 Windows 10 Build Checklist," Monday, June 5, 2017 12:15 PM **ONLY USERS APPROVED BY THE DESKTOP ENIGINEERING TEAM SHOULD RECEIVE WINDOWS 10  ** **THIS IS ONLY TO BE USED FOR IMAGING AN 840 G3 LAPTOP WITH WINDOWS 10 IN UEFI  MODE** **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** NEW Laptop Bu...      ARCHIVE WIN 10 - 800 G3 Windows 10 Build Checklist Tuesday, March 13, 2018 7:30 PM **ONLY USERS APPROVED BY THE DESKTOP ENIGINEERING TEAM SHOULD RECEIVE WINDOWS 10 ** **THIS IS ONLY TO BE USED FOR IMAGING AN 800 G3 DESKTOP WITH WINDOWS 10 IN UEFI MODE** **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** NEW Desktop B...    ","[33, 9, 72, 775]","[1252, 1253]","ARCHIVE WIN 10 - 840 G3 Windows 10 Build Checklist ARCHIVE WIN 10 - 840 G3 Windows 10 Build Checklist ARCHIVE WIN 10 - 840 G3 Windows 10 Build Checklist ARCHIVE WIN 10 - 840 G3 Windows 10 Build Checklist ARCHIVE WIN 10 - 840 G3 Windows 10 Build Checklist ARCHIVE WIN 10 - 840 G3 Windows 10 Build Checklist ARCHIVE WIN 10 - 840 G3 Windows 10 Build Checklist ARCHIVE WIN 10 - 840 G3 Windows 10 Build Checklist ARCHIVE WIN 10 - 840 G3 Windows 10 Build Checklist ARCHIVE WIN 10 - 840 G3 Windows 10 Build Checklist   Monday, June 5, 2017 12:15 PM **ONLY USERS APPROVED BY THE DESKTOP ENIGINEERING TEAM SHOULD RECEIVE WINDOWS 10  ** **THIS IS ONLY TO BE USED FOR IMAGING AN 840 G3 LAPTOP WITH WINDOWS 10 IN UEFI  MODE** **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** NEW Laptop Bu...      ARCHIVE WIN 10 - 800 G3 Windows 10 Build Checklist Tuesday, March 13, 2018 7:30 PM **ONLY USERS APPROVED BY THE DESKTOP ENIGINEERING TEAM SHOULD RECEIVE WINDOWS 10 ** **THIS IS ONLY TO BE USED FOR IMAGING AN 800 G3 DESKTOP WITH WINDOWS 10 IN UEFI MODE** **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** NEW Desktop B...    ","archive win 10 - 840 g3 windows 10 build checklist archive win 10 - 840 g3 windows 10 build checklist archive win 10 - 840 g3 windows 10 build checklist archive win 10 - 840 g3 windows 10 build checklist archive win 10 - 840 g3 windows 10 build checklist archive win 10 - 840 g3 windows 10 build checklist archive win 10 - 840 g3 windows 10 build checklist archive win 10 - 840 g3 windows 10 build checklist archive win 10 - 840 g3 windows 10 build checklist archive win 10 - 840 g3 windows 10 build checklist monday, june 5, 2017 12:15 pm **only users approve desktop enigineering team receive windows 10 ** **this use image 840 g3 laptop windows 10 uefi mode** **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** new laptop bu... archive win 10 - 800 g3 windows 10 build checklist tuesday, march 13, 2018 7:30 pm **only users approve desktop enigineering team receive windows 10 ** **this use image 800 g3 desktop windows 10 uefi mode** **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** new desktop b...","ARCHIVE WIN 10 - 840 G3 Windows 10 Build Checklist ARCHIVE WIN 10 - 840 G3 Windows 10 Build Checklist   Monday, June 5, 2017 12:15 PM **ONLY USERS APPROVED BY THE DESKTOP ENIGINEERING TEAM SHOULD RECEIVE WINDOWS 10  ** **THIS IS ONLY TO BE USED FOR IMAGING AN 840 G3 LAPTOP WITH WINDOWS 10 IN UEFI  MODE** **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** NEW Laptop Bu...      ARCHIVE WIN 10 - 800 G3 Windows 10 Build Checklist Tuesday, March 13, 2018 7:30 PM **ONLY USERS APPROVED BY THE DESKTOP ENIGINEERING TEAM SHOULD RECEIVE WINDOWS 10 ** **THIS IS ONLY TO BE USED FOR IMAGING AN 800 G3 DESKTOP WITH WINDOWS 10 IN UEFI MODE** **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** NEW Desktop B...    ","archive win 10 - 840 g3 windows 10 build checklist archive win 10 - 840 g3 windows 10 build checklist monday, june 5, 2017 12:15 pm **only users approve desktop enigineering team receive windows 10 ** **this use image 840 g3 laptop windows 10 uefi mode** **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** new laptop bu... archive win 10 - 800 g3 windows 10 build checklist tuesday, march 13, 2018 7:30 pm **only users approve desktop enigineering team receive windows 10 ** **this use image 800 g3 desktop windows 10 uefi mode** **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** new desktop b..."
42,ARCHIVE WIN 10 - Windows 10 Customizations," Thursday, February 9, 2017 1:55 PM DRAFT - THIS IS DOCUMENTATION FOR CUSTOMIZING COMPUTERS THAT ARE RUNNING WINDOWS 10 **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** Apply the following Customizations to computers that are imaged with Windows 10 Windows 10 Custo... Windows 10 Tweaks Fast Startup The only available way to disable Fast Startup (outside of using the GUI) is by setting the following  Registry key to 0: HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Control\Session Mana higer\Power \HiberbootEnabled Wifi Sense Open your Group Policy editor and go to the Computer Configuration\Administrative Templates\Network\WLAN Service\WLAN Settings\Allow Windows to automatically connect to suggested open hotspots, to networks shared by contacts, and to hotspots offering paid services setting. Set to DISABLED. Help Tips Open your Group Policy editor and go to the Computer Configuration\Administrative Templates \Windows Components\Edge UI. For Disable help tips set to ENABLED. Windows Tips Open your Group Policy editor and go to the Computer Configuration\Administrative Templates \Windows Components\Cloud Content. For Do not show Windows tips set to ENABLED. For Turn off  Microsoft consumer experience set to ENABLED. For Do not show windows tip set to ENABLED. Feedback Open your Group Policy editor and go to the Computer Configuration\Administrative Templates \Windows Components\Data Collection and Preview Builds.  For Do not show feedback notifications set       \Windows Components\Data Collection and Preview Builds.  For Do not show feedback notifications set  to ENABLED. Spotlight Open your Group Policy editor and go to the User Configuration\Administrative Templates\Windows  Components\Cloud Content. Set the following-    ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[1255, 1256]","ARCHIVE WIN 10 - Windows 10 Customizations ARCHIVE WIN 10 - Windows 10 Customizations ARCHIVE WIN 10 - Windows 10 Customizations ARCHIVE WIN 10 - Windows 10 Customizations ARCHIVE WIN 10 - Windows 10 Customizations ARCHIVE WIN 10 - Windows 10 Customizations ARCHIVE WIN 10 - Windows 10 Customizations ARCHIVE WIN 10 - Windows 10 Customizations ARCHIVE WIN 10 - Windows 10 Customizations ARCHIVE WIN 10 - Windows 10 Customizations   Thursday, February 9, 2017 1:55 PM DRAFT - THIS IS DOCUMENTATION FOR CUSTOMIZING COMPUTERS THAT ARE RUNNING WINDOWS 10 **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** Apply the following Customizations to computers that are imaged with Windows 10 Windows 10 Custo... Windows 10 Tweaks Fast Startup The only available way to disable Fast Startup (outside of using the GUI) is by setting the following  Registry key to 0: HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Control\Session Mana higer\Power \HiberbootEnabled Wifi Sense Open your Group Policy editor and go to the Computer Configuration\Administrative Templates\Network\WLAN Service\WLAN Settings\Allow Windows to automatically connect to suggested open hotspots, to networks shared by contacts, and to hotspots offering paid services setting. Set to DISABLED. Help Tips Open your Group Policy editor and go to the Computer Configuration\Administrative Templates \Windows Components\Edge UI. For Disable help tips set to ENABLED. Windows Tips Open your Group Policy editor and go to the Computer Configuration\Administrative Templates \Windows Components\Cloud Content. For Do not show Windows tips set to ENABLED. For Turn off  Microsoft consumer experience set to ENABLED. For Do not show windows tip set to ENABLED. Feedback Open your Group Policy editor and go to the Computer Configuration\Administrative Templates \Windows Components\Data Collection and Preview Builds.  For Do not show feedback notifications set       \Windows Components\Data Collection and Preview Builds.  For Do not show feedback notifications set  to ENABLED. Spotlight Open your Group Policy editor and go to the User Configuration\Administrative Templates\Windows  Components\Cloud Content. Set the following-    ","archive win 10 - windows 10 customizations archive win 10 - windows 10 customizations archive win 10 - windows 10 customizations archive win 10 - windows 10 customizations archive win 10 - windows 10 customizations archive win 10 - windows 10 customizations archive win 10 - windows 10 customizations archive win 10 - windows 10 customizations archive win 10 - windows 10 customizations archive win 10 - windows 10 customizations thursday, february 9, 2017 1:55 pm draft - documentation customize computers run windows 10 **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** apply follow customizations computers image windows 10 windows 10 custo... windows 10 tweak fast startup available way disable fast startup (outside use gui) set follow registry key 0: hkey_local_machine\system\currentcontrolset\control\session mana higer\power \hiberbootenabled wifi sense open group policy editor go computer configuration\administrative templates\network\wlan service\wlan settings\allow windows automatically connect suggest open hotspots, network share contacts, hotspots offer pay service setting. set disabled. help tip open group policy editor go computer configuration\administrative templates \windows components\edge ui. disable help tip set enabled. windows tip open group policy editor go computer configuration\administrative templates \windows components\cloud content. show windows tip set enabled. turn microsoft consumer experience set enabled. show windows tip set enabled. feedback open group policy editor go computer configuration\administrative templates \windows components\data collection preview builds. show feedback notifications set \windows components\data collection preview builds. show feedback notifications set enabled. spotlight open group policy editor go user configuration\administrative templates\windows components\cloud content. set following-","ARCHIVE WIN 10 - Windows 10 Customizations ARCHIVE WIN 10 - Windows 10 Customizations   Thursday, February 9, 2017 1:55 PM DRAFT - THIS IS DOCUMENTATION FOR CUSTOMIZING COMPUTERS THAT ARE RUNNING WINDOWS 10 **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** Apply the following Customizations to computers that are imaged with Windows 10 Windows 10 Custo... Windows 10 Tweaks Fast Startup The only available way to disable Fast Startup (outside of using the GUI) is by setting the following  Registry key to 0: HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Control\Session Mana higer\Power \HiberbootEnabled Wifi Sense Open your Group Policy editor and go to the Computer Configuration\Administrative Templates\Network\WLAN Service\WLAN Settings\Allow Windows to automatically connect to suggested open hotspots, to networks shared by contacts, and to hotspots offering paid services setting. Set to DISABLED. Help Tips Open your Group Policy editor and go to the Computer Configuration\Administrative Templates \Windows Components\Edge UI. For Disable help tips set to ENABLED. Windows Tips Open your Group Policy editor and go to the Computer Configuration\Administrative Templates \Windows Components\Cloud Content. For Do not show Windows tips set to ENABLED. For Turn off  Microsoft consumer experience set to ENABLED. For Do not show windows tip set to ENABLED. Feedback Open your Group Policy editor and go to the Computer Configuration\Administrative Templates \Windows Components\Data Collection and Preview Builds.  For Do not show feedback notifications set       \Windows Components\Data Collection and Preview Builds.  For Do not show feedback notifications set  to ENABLED. Spotlight Open your Group Policy editor and go to the User Configuration\Administrative Templates\Windows  Components\Cloud Content. Set the following-    ","archive win 10 - windows 10 customizations archive win 10 - windows 10 customizations thursday, february 9, 2017 1:55 pm draft - documentation customize computers run windows 10 **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** apply follow customizations computers image windows 10 windows 10 custo... windows 10 tweak fast startup available way disable fast startup (outside use gui) set follow registry key 0: hkey_local_machine\system\currentcontrolset\control\session mana higer\power \hiberbootenabled wifi sense open group policy editor go computer configuration\administrative templates\network\wlan service\wlan settings\allow windows automatically connect suggest open hotspots, network share contacts, hotspots offer pay service setting. set disabled. help tip open group policy editor go computer configuration\administrative templates \windows components\edge ui. disable help tip set enabled. windows tip open group policy editor go computer configuration\administrative templates \windows components\cloud content. show windows tip set enabled. turn microsoft consumer experience set enabled. show windows tip set enabled. feedback open group policy editor go computer configuration\administrative templates \windows components\data collection preview builds. show feedback notifications set \windows components\data collection preview builds. show feedback notifications set enabled. spotlight open group policy editor go user configuration\administrative templates\windows components\cloud content. set following-"
43,Acano - Cisco Meeting Overview," Tuesday, August 15, 2017 1:05 PM Acano is the main VoIP communication software managed by the Telecom team. As of now, the  Acano client is pushed out through SCCM for Windows users. Users should login with  username@gmaccm.com and their network password. The new version of Acano will officially be rebranded as Cisco Meeting, with the Cisco blue color  scheme instead of orange. The installer for Cisco Meeting can be found on applic but keep in mind  that it hasn't been officially rolled out for the enterprise yet. You can also go through the web browser at join.berkadia.com and join a call as a guest or login your  own account.      Office Extend Access Point (OEAP) Wednesday, May 14, 2014 9:01 AM The Cisco OEAP is preconfigured to be an extension of the Berkadia network. Once the AP is connected to your home network, it performs security negotiations and connects with the corporate network. Now any wireless connections to the wireless profile  OEA Wireless (OEA-WiFiN3T!) allows you to access all business applications and network shares as if you’re in the office.  Using  the steps below connect the OEAP to your home network.   1. Remove all contents from the box: power plug, Ethernet cable, stand for the AP, and AP. 2. Every home network will be different, depending on the internet provider you have. Ports on your router may be different  than then the examples shown and may require further assistance from the Help Desk Team. The pictures below may be  similar to your equipment and show various internet modems and switches that maybe used in your home. At step 4 there  are different examples of how the OEAP should be wired depending on the type of modem you have. Verizon Modem                    Comcast Modem Comcast Modem                    Comcast Modem Linksys Switch                    Dlink Switch 3. With the blue cable plugged into your cable modem, or switch, plug the other end into the OEAP WAN port. On the OEAP plug the power cable in, turn the power switch on and plug the blue cable in to  the WAN port.       the WAN port.  4. With the blue cable plugged in between the OEAP and the modem, or switch; it should look similar to the drawing below.                    If you have a single port cable modem plugging into a switch with only a couple devices. You could replace it with the  OEAP, but its recommended to plug the OEAP into your existing switch.          5. After the blue cable has been connected to your OEAP and the OEAP powered on, you will start to see a series of flashing  LED icons on the AP. If all cables are connected correctly the Berkadia Network icon will turn blue, or purple. 6. If the LEDS show no problems you are ready to connect to the network. The SSID Corporate OEA Wireless is configured to  automatically connect. To confirm it has connected left click the wireless icon in your system tray   . After clicking the  Wireless icon you will see all the SSIDs in the area. If the Corporate OEA Wireless does not show connected, right click on it and then connect. After a couple seconds of  negotiating the network it should show connected. Once in the connected state you are now able to access network  shares, company websites and applications. 7. If there are any problems with connectivity the Berkadia network symbol above will show different LED colors. Meaning Status LED Purple Blue Flashing Blue Flashing Orange Association Status when connected to Berkadia: Normal operating condition, no wireless client associated to Berkadia. Association status when connected to Berkadia: Normal operating condition, at least one wireless client associated. Operating Status: Software upgrade in progress. Operating Status: No IP address, waiting for DHCP IP. Operating Status: Discovery/join process in progress with Berkadia network, no client associated. Operating Status: Discovery/join process in progress with Berkadia network, with client associated.      Flashing Orange Cycling blue, orange, and purple Cycling orange and purple Orange Operating Status: Discovery/join process in progress with Berkadia network, with client associated. Cisco IOS errors: Software failure, try disconnecting and reconnecting unit power 8. If any issues occur during the setup of your OEAP please contact the help desk at 1-800-975-4357 option #1, or #8.      Wednesday, May 14, 2014 9:03 AM Trouble Shoot a Newly Installed OEAP The Cisco Office Extend Access Point (OEAP) is an access point that connects remote clients with the  corporate network using an internet connection. The OEAP provides two types of connections to  corporate using wireless and a remote lan (rlan) port. The wireless connection will allow connectivity  with two SSIDs OEA-WiFiN3T! and bcmguest is only available to executive suites. The SSID OEA- WiFiN3T! will permit connectivity to corporate as if the client were in the office. The remote lan port  is a future port that allows connectivity to corporate, but is slated to be a phone port. After the AP is connected to the internet it completes a series of checks, then connects with a  centralized controller. As the AP negotiates its connection with the internet, it connects with  192.241.19.7 the publicly accessible IP of the controller. Once it connects with 192.241.19.7 it then  sees if its mac address is on the controller, after confirming the mac, the AP connects with the  controller. If any of these two steps fail; the AP will not connect with corporate and require further  trouble shooting. This image shows the ports on the OEAP and how it is connected to the internet: 1. 2. The WAN port is used to connect with any internet connection. This could be any type of cable  modem, dsl, or direct connect internet connection like in an executive suite. Port 4 is the rlan – the port that is not active yet and will provide future connectivity for  phones and ports 1 – 3 are ports are used for local connectivity only. 3. The reset button allows the AP to be reset to factory configuration and should never be used.     Wiring up the OEAP: 1. 2. 3. The client will have a separate document showing how to wire up the OEAP and will show give  examples of different cable modems etc. In the diagram below the cable modem could be a switch, modem, or internet connection that  may be a wall jack like in an executive suite. There should be a cable going from the WAN port of the OEAP to ports 1-4 of the cable  modem. On some modems, there is a WAN port, if connectivity is not working make sure they  are not plugged into this port. 4. There are also situations where the client may have a 2 port cable modem with a switch. In  this case the OEAP will plug into any port on the switch           Symbols of the OEAP: 1. 2. The 4 important symbols here, in order from the image above are the Cisco bridge, the  wireless signal, internet, and power All 4 symbols should have a blue, or purple light indicating they are active. If they are not  purple or blue further trouble shooting will need to be performed If the OEAP is not allowing the client to connect with Corporate do the following: 1. 2. 3. 4. Is the AP wired correctly? There should be a cable going from the WAN port to the internet  connection and the Cisco bridge symbol should be blue or purple If the AP is wired to the internet, but the client cannot connect to corporate, you need to  confirm the AP is configured correctly. If not connected to corporate the Cisco bridge icon will  blink orange. If a solid orange then there are IOS errors, or a software failure; try  disconnecting and reconnecting unit power. If after rebooting and there is still an Orange Cisco bridge symbol, have the client plug an  Ethernet connection into port 1 of the AP. Run ipconfig from the device that is plugged into port 1 and get the default gateway address.  This is the IP of the OEAP. a. Open a browser and type in the http://10.253.x.x then hit enter. A login prompt will pop  up, the username is admin and the password is O34pR3mot3. 5. Once connected to the AP you will be at the home screen. 7. 8. Once at the home screen, confirm the AP has an IP address. If no IP address trouble shoot  internet connection. If the AP has an IP address confirm the controller IP is not missing. From the top toolbar click  on configuration, then in the left toolbar click WAN.      yes 9. 10. 11. If the controller IP is missing, type 192.241.19.7 in the blank box and click apply. After a couple  minutes the Cisco bridge symbol should turn blue or purple and start downloading new code  and connecting to corporate. If the Cisco bridge symbol still does not turn blue or purple the mac address could be missing  from the controller. Contact the WAN team to confirm the mac address of the AP is in the  controller.0.6 If the client still cannot connect with corporate and you have confirmed connectivity, there  may be a wireless issue. Confirm from the home page above, in the AP statistics area if both  radios are up. If the radios are down click configuration, then from the left tool bar click  system. If radios are disabled click the drop down and change them to enabled. 12. If both radios are up, confirm the clients’ laptop has the correct wireless settings. The wireless  settings are pushed down by AD using GPO. There should be a Corporate OEA Wireless  network in the list of managed wireless networks. If the wireless label is not there check that  the client is in the proper GPO group to get this setting.  This concludes the trouble shooting and install of the OEAP. For the most part the OEAP has two  main parts that must be configured for it to connect with corporate. The controller IP and the mac  address of the AP input into the controller. If these are missing the OEAP will not connect with  corporate. If these items are correct there is a local issue preventing the client from connecting.       corporate. If these items are correct there is a local issue preventing the client from connecting.       Cisco OEAP 1810 Thursday, May 05, 2016 5:17 AM Berkadia Teleworker Office Extend Access Point (OEAP1810) The Cisco OEAP is preconfigured to be an extension of the Berkadia network. Once the AP is connected to your home network, it performs security negotiations and connects with the corporate network. Now any wireless connections using the wireless profi le  OEA-CorpWireless allows you to access all business applications and network shares as if you’re in the office.  Using the steps b elow  connect the OEAP to your home network.   1. Remove all contents from the box: 2. Every home network will be different, depending on the internet provider you have. Ports on your router may be different  than then the examples shown and may require further assistance from the Help Desk Team. The pictures below may be  similar to your equipment and show various internet modems and switches that maybe used in your home. At step 4 there  are different examples of how the OEAP should be wired depending on the type of modem you have. Verizon Modem                    Comcast Modem Comcast Modem                    Comcast Modem Linksys Switch                    Dlink Switch      Linksys Switch                    Dlink Switch 3. With the blue cable plugged into your cable modem, or switch, plug the other end into the OEAP WAN port. On the OEAP plug the  power cable in and plug  the cable in from your  router to the Yellow  WAN port.  4. With the wan cable plugged in between the OEAP and the modem, or switch; it should look similar to the drawing below.                              If you have a single port cable modem plugging into a switch with only a couple devices. You could replace it with the  OEAP, but it’s recommended to plug the OEAP into your existing switch.              After the network cable has been connected to your OEAP and the OEAP powered on, you will start to see a series of flashing  LED lights. If all cables are connected correctly you will see a chirping green light. If the LEDS show no problems you are ready to connect to the network. If using a network cable to connect an IP phone to the  OEAP, use LAN1. If connecting a computer to the OEAP via a network cable, you may use either LAN1 or LAN2. Do  NOT use  LAN3, as LAN3 is for configuration purposes only. For wireless, the SSID OEA-CorpWireless is configured to automatically  connect. To confirm it has connected left click the wireless icon in your system tray   . After clicking the Wireless icon, you will see all the SSIDs in the area. 5. 6. 7. If the OEA-CorpWireless does not show connected, right click on it and then connect. After a couple seconds of negotiating  the network it should show connected. Once in the connected state you are now able to access network shares, company  websites and applications. 8. If any issues occur during the setup of your OEAP please contact the help desk at 1-888-975-4357 option #1, or #8. Trouble Shoot a Newly Installed OEAP The Cisco Office Extend Access Point (OEAP) is an access point that connects remote clients with the  corporate network using an internet connection. The OEAP provides two types of connections to  corporate using wireless and a remote lan (rlan) port. The wireless connection will allow connectivity  with two SSIDs OEAP-WiFiN3T! and bcmguest is only available to executive suites. The SSID OEAP- WiFiN3T! will permit connectivity to corporate as if the client were in the office. The remote lan port is a  port allowing connectivity to corporate. There are 2 RLAN ports LAN1 (green) provides POE and the  other LAN2 is a standard switch port.  After the AP is connected to the internet it completes a series of checks, then connects with a       After the AP is connected to the internet it completes a series of checks, then connects with a  centralized controller. As the AP negotiates its connection with the internet, it connects with  192.241.19.7 the publicly accessible IP of the controller. Once it connects with 192.241.19.7 it then sees  if its mac address is on the controller, after confirming the mac, the AP connects with the controller and  downloads code if needed. If any of these two steps fail; the AP will not connect with corporate and  require further trouble shooting. This image shows the ports on the OEAP and how it is connected to the internet provider. The AP must be connected in the base to work correctly:     1. 2. The WAN port Yellow with base and Grey Pass-thru without base, is used to connect with any  internet connection.  Port’s LAN1 & LAN2 are the rlan – and provide full network connectivity to corporate. The port  labeled LAN3 is used for local connectivity only.     Wiring up the OEAP: 1. 2. 3. The client will have a separate document showing how to wire up the OEAP and will show give  examples of different cable modems etc. In the diagram below the cable modem could be a switch, modem, or internet connection that  may be a wall jack like in an executive suite. There should be a cable going from the WAN port Yellow with base and Grey Pass-thru without  base to ports 1-4 of the cable modem. On some modems, there is a WAN port, if connectivity is  not working make sure they are not plugged into this port. 4. There are also situations where the client may have a 2 port cable modem with a switch. In this  case the OEAP will plug into any port on the switch     There are no symbols on the OEAP 1810 instead there is only a dimly lit LED light. If there are any issues  with connectivity the below list the LED status for various conditions. Message Type LED State Possible Messages and Meanings Boot loader status  sequence Blinking Green Association status Chirping Green  MEM test, Board initialization, initialize flash, flash mem test,  starting IOS Normal operation. AP joined to controller, but no wireless  associated. Green Normal operation. Client is attached to AP.      Green Normal operation. Client is attached to AP. Operating status Blinking Amber Software upgrade in progress. Cycling through Green, Red, &  Amber Rapidly cycling through Red, Green,  Amber and Off Discovery/join process to controller AP location command has been invoked. Blinking Red Ethernet link is not operational. Boot loader warnings Blinking Amber Configuration recovery is in progress (Mode button pushed for 2  to 3 seconds.) Red Ethernet failure. Blinking Green Image recover has been initiated (Mode button pushed for 20 to  30 seconds) Image recovery is in progress (Mode button released after being  kept pressed for 20 to 30 seconds). Boot loader errors Red MEM test failure Blinking Red and Amber Flash file system failure Blinking Red and off Env variable failure, Bad MAC, Boot failure Cisco IOS Errors Red Software Failure. Try disconnecting and reconnecting power to  the AP. Cycling through Red, Green, Amber  and off. General waring. Insufficient inline power If the OEAP is not allowing the client to connect with Corporate do the following: 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. If it is a new deployment it’s possible the AP was not joined to the correct AP group on the  controller. All 1810’s should be part of the OEAP-Teleworkers group and have their mac address  added to the security AP Policies list. Is the AP wired correctly? There should be a cable going from the WAN port to the internet  connection and the LED will have a chirping green. If the AP is wired to the internet, but the client cannot connect to corporate, you need to confirm  the AP is configured correctly. If not connected to corporate confirm the LED status from the table  above.  If after rebooting and there is still no change in the LED status. Have the client plug an Ethernet  connection into port 3 of the AP. Run ipconfig from the device that is plugged into port 3 and get the default gateway address. This  is the IP of the OEAP. Open a browser and type http://10.253.x.x, or http://10.0.0.1, or whatever the default gateway is  then hit enter. A login prompt will pop up, the username is admin and the password is  O34pR3mot3, or admin password admin. 7. After you connect to the OEAP click on the HOME tab.     1. 2. Once at the home screen, confirm the AP has an IP address. If AP IP address is 0.0.0.0 there is a  connection issue to the cable modem.  If the AP has an IP address confirm the controller IP is not missing. From the top toolbar click on  configuration, then in the left toolbar click WAN. 1. If the controller IP is missing, type 192.241.19.7 in the blank box and click apply. After a couple  minutes the LED status color should change and start downloading new code and connecting to  corporate. 2. If the LED status does not change the configuration on the controller will require investigation. a. b. The mac address could be missing from the controller. Contact the WAN team to confirm  the mac address of the AP is in the controller and in the correct AP group from step 1. The Local DHCP could be configured to use the same network as their cable modem. Change  the IP address to reflect something other than what shows in the AP IP address field, shown  on the Home page. 1. If the client still cannot connect with corporate and you have confirmed connectivity, there may  be a wireless issue. Confirm from the home page above, in the AP statistics area if both radios are  up. If the radios are down click configuration, then from the left tool bar click system.      up. If the radios are down click configuration, then from the left tool bar click system. If radios are disabled click the drop down and change them to Enabled.     2. If both radios are up, confirm the clients’ laptop has the correct wireless settings. The wireless  settings are pushed down by AD using GPO. There should be a Corporate OEA Wireless network in  the list of managed wireless networks. If the wireless label is not there check that the client is in  the proper GPO group to get this setting.  This concludes the trouble shooting and install of the OEAP. For the most part the OEAP has two main  parts that must be configured for it to connect with corporate. The controller IP and the mac address of  the AP input into the controller. If these are missing the OEAP will not connect with corporate. If these  items are correct there is a local issue preventing the client from connecting.     ","[58, 3, 72, 775]","[823, 837]","Acano - Cisco Meeting Overview Acano - Cisco Meeting Overview Acano - Cisco Meeting Overview Acano - Cisco Meeting Overview Acano - Cisco Meeting Overview Acano - Cisco Meeting Overview Acano - Cisco Meeting Overview Acano - Cisco Meeting Overview Acano - Cisco Meeting Overview Acano - Cisco Meeting Overview   Tuesday, August 15, 2017 1:05 PM Acano is the main VoIP communication software managed by the Telecom team. As of now, the  Acano client is pushed out through SCCM for Windows users. Users should login with  username@gmaccm.com and their network password. The new version of Acano will officially be rebranded as Cisco Meeting, with the Cisco blue color  scheme instead of orange. The installer for Cisco Meeting can be found on applic but keep in mind  that it hasn't been officially rolled out for the enterprise yet. You can also go through the web browser at join.berkadia.com and join a call as a guest or login your  own account.      Office Extend Access Point (OEAP) Wednesday, May 14, 2014 9:01 AM The Cisco OEAP is preconfigured to be an extension of the Berkadia network. Once the AP is connected to your home network, it performs security negotiations and connects with the corporate network. Now any wireless connections to the wireless profile  OEA Wireless (OEA-WiFiN3T!) allows you to access all business applications and network shares as if you’re in the office.  Using  the steps below connect the OEAP to your home network.   1. Remove all contents from the box: power plug, Ethernet cable, stand for the AP, and AP. 2. Every home network will be different, depending on the internet provider you have. Ports on your router may be different  than then the examples shown and may require further assistance from the Help Desk Team. The pictures below may be  similar to your equipment and show various internet modems and switches that maybe used in your home. At step 4 there  are different examples of how the OEAP should be wired depending on the type of modem you have. Verizon Modem                    Comcast Modem Comcast Modem                    Comcast Modem Linksys Switch                    Dlink Switch 3. With the blue cable plugged into your cable modem, or switch, plug the other end into the OEAP WAN port. On the OEAP plug the power cable in, turn the power switch on and plug the blue cable in to  the WAN port.       the WAN port.  4. With the blue cable plugged in between the OEAP and the modem, or switch; it should look similar to the drawing below.                    If you have a single port cable modem plugging into a switch with only a couple devices. You could replace it with the  OEAP, but its recommended to plug the OEAP into your existing switch.          5. After the blue cable has been connected to your OEAP and the OEAP powered on, you will start to see a series of flashing  LED icons on the AP. If all cables are connected correctly the Berkadia Network icon will turn blue, or purple. 6. If the LEDS show no problems you are ready to connect to the network. The SSID Corporate OEA Wireless is configured to  automatically connect. To confirm it has connected left click the wireless icon in your system tray   . After clicking the  Wireless icon you will see all the SSIDs in the area. If the Corporate OEA Wireless does not show connected, right click on it and then connect. After a couple seconds of  negotiating the network it should show connected. Once in the connected state you are now able to access network  shares, company websites and applications. 7. If there are any problems with connectivity the Berkadia network symbol above will show different LED colors. Meaning Status LED Purple Blue Flashing Blue Flashing Orange Association Status when connected to Berkadia: Normal operating condition, no wireless client associated to Berkadia. Association status when connected to Berkadia: Normal operating condition, at least one wireless client associated. Operating Status: Software upgrade in progress. Operating Status: No IP address, waiting for DHCP IP. Operating Status: Discovery/join process in progress with Berkadia network, no client associated. Operating Status: Discovery/join process in progress with Berkadia network, with client associated.      Flashing Orange Cycling blue, orange, and purple Cycling orange and purple Orange Operating Status: Discovery/join process in progress with Berkadia network, with client associated. Cisco IOS errors: Software failure, try disconnecting and reconnecting unit power 8. If any issues occur during the setup of your OEAP please contact the help desk at 1-800-975-4357 option #1, or #8.      Wednesday, May 14, 2014 9:03 AM Trouble Shoot a Newly Installed OEAP The Cisco Office Extend Access Point (OEAP) is an access point that connects remote clients with the  corporate network using an internet connection. The OEAP provides two types of connections to  corporate using wireless and a remote lan (rlan) port. The wireless connection will allow connectivity  with two SSIDs OEA-WiFiN3T! and bcmguest is only available to executive suites. The SSID OEA- WiFiN3T! will permit connectivity to corporate as if the client were in the office. The remote lan port  is a future port that allows connectivity to corporate, but is slated to be a phone port. After the AP is connected to the internet it completes a series of checks, then connects with a  centralized controller. As the AP negotiates its connection with the internet, it connects with  192.241.19.7 the publicly accessible IP of the controller. Once it connects with 192.241.19.7 it then  sees if its mac address is on the controller, after confirming the mac, the AP connects with the  controller. If any of these two steps fail; the AP will not connect with corporate and require further  trouble shooting. This image shows the ports on the OEAP and how it is connected to the internet: 1. 2. The WAN port is used to connect with any internet connection. This could be any type of cable  modem, dsl, or direct connect internet connection like in an executive suite. Port 4 is the rlan – the port that is not active yet and will provide future connectivity for  phones and ports 1 – 3 are ports are used for local connectivity only. 3. The reset button allows the AP to be reset to factory configuration and should never be used.     Wiring up the OEAP: 1. 2. 3. The client will have a separate document showing how to wire up the OEAP and will show give  examples of different cable modems etc. In the diagram below the cable modem could be a switch, modem, or internet connection that  may be a wall jack like in an executive suite. There should be a cable going from the WAN port of the OEAP to ports 1-4 of the cable  modem. On some modems, there is a WAN port, if connectivity is not working make sure they  are not plugged into this port. 4. There are also situations where the client may have a 2 port cable modem with a switch. In  this case the OEAP will plug into any port on the switch           Symbols of the OEAP: 1. 2. The 4 important symbols here, in order from the image above are the Cisco bridge, the  wireless signal, internet, and power All 4 symbols should have a blue, or purple light indicating they are active. If they are not  purple or blue further trouble shooting will need to be performed If the OEAP is not allowing the client to connect with Corporate do the following: 1. 2. 3. 4. Is the AP wired correctly? There should be a cable going from the WAN port to the internet  connection and the Cisco bridge symbol should be blue or purple If the AP is wired to the internet, but the client cannot connect to corporate, you need to  confirm the AP is configured correctly. If not connected to corporate the Cisco bridge icon will  blink orange. If a solid orange then there are IOS errors, or a software failure; try  disconnecting and reconnecting unit power. If after rebooting and there is still an Orange Cisco bridge symbol, have the client plug an  Ethernet connection into port 1 of the AP. Run ipconfig from the device that is plugged into port 1 and get the default gateway address.  This is the IP of the OEAP. a. Open a browser and type in the http://10.253.x.x then hit enter. A login prompt will pop  up, the username is admin and the password is O34pR3mot3. 5. Once connected to the AP you will be at the home screen. 7. 8. Once at the home screen, confirm the AP has an IP address. If no IP address trouble shoot  internet connection. If the AP has an IP address confirm the controller IP is not missing. From the top toolbar click  on configuration, then in the left toolbar click WAN.      yes 9. 10. 11. If the controller IP is missing, type 192.241.19.7 in the blank box and click apply. After a couple  minutes the Cisco bridge symbol should turn blue or purple and start downloading new code  and connecting to corporate. If the Cisco bridge symbol still does not turn blue or purple the mac address could be missing  from the controller. Contact the WAN team to confirm the mac address of the AP is in the  controller.0.6 If the client still cannot connect with corporate and you have confirmed connectivity, there  may be a wireless issue. Confirm from the home page above, in the AP statistics area if both  radios are up. If the radios are down click configuration, then from the left tool bar click  system. If radios are disabled click the drop down and change them to enabled. 12. If both radios are up, confirm the clients’ laptop has the correct wireless settings. The wireless  settings are pushed down by AD using GPO. There should be a Corporate OEA Wireless  network in the list of managed wireless networks. If the wireless label is not there check that  the client is in the proper GPO group to get this setting.  This concludes the trouble shooting and install of the OEAP. For the most part the OEAP has two  main parts that must be configured for it to connect with corporate. The controller IP and the mac  address of the AP input into the controller. If these are missing the OEAP will not connect with  corporate. If these items are correct there is a local issue preventing the client from connecting.       corporate. If these items are correct there is a local issue preventing the client from connecting.       Cisco OEAP 1810 Thursday, May 05, 2016 5:17 AM Berkadia Teleworker Office Extend Access Point (OEAP1810) The Cisco OEAP is preconfigured to be an extension of the Berkadia network. Once the AP is connected to your home network, it performs security negotiations and connects with the corporate network. Now any wireless connections using the wireless profi le  OEA-CorpWireless allows you to access all business applications and network shares as if you’re in the office.  Using the steps b elow  connect the OEAP to your home network.   1. Remove all contents from the box: 2. Every home network will be different, depending on the internet provider you have. Ports on your router may be different  than then the examples shown and may require further assistance from the Help Desk Team. The pictures below may be  similar to your equipment and show various internet modems and switches that maybe used in your home. At step 4 there  are different examples of how the OEAP should be wired depending on the type of modem you have. Verizon Modem                    Comcast Modem Comcast Modem                    Comcast Modem Linksys Switch                    Dlink Switch      Linksys Switch                    Dlink Switch 3. With the blue cable plugged into your cable modem, or switch, plug the other end into the OEAP WAN port. On the OEAP plug the  power cable in and plug  the cable in from your  router to the Yellow  WAN port.  4. With the wan cable plugged in between the OEAP and the modem, or switch; it should look similar to the drawing below.                              If you have a single port cable modem plugging into a switch with only a couple devices. You could replace it with the  OEAP, but it’s recommended to plug the OEAP into your existing switch.              After the network cable has been connected to your OEAP and the OEAP powered on, you will start to see a series of flashing  LED lights. If all cables are connected correctly you will see a chirping green light. If the LEDS show no problems you are ready to connect to the network. If using a network cable to connect an IP phone to the  OEAP, use LAN1. If connecting a computer to the OEAP via a network cable, you may use either LAN1 or LAN2. Do  NOT use  LAN3, as LAN3 is for configuration purposes only. For wireless, the SSID OEA-CorpWireless is configured to automatically  connect. To confirm it has connected left click the wireless icon in your system tray   . After clicking the Wireless icon, you will see all the SSIDs in the area. 5. 6. 7. If the OEA-CorpWireless does not show connected, right click on it and then connect. After a couple seconds of negotiating  the network it should show connected. Once in the connected state you are now able to access network shares, company  websites and applications. 8. If any issues occur during the setup of your OEAP please contact the help desk at 1-888-975-4357 option #1, or #8. Trouble Shoot a Newly Installed OEAP The Cisco Office Extend Access Point (OEAP) is an access point that connects remote clients with the  corporate network using an internet connection. The OEAP provides two types of connections to  corporate using wireless and a remote lan (rlan) port. The wireless connection will allow connectivity  with two SSIDs OEAP-WiFiN3T! and bcmguest is only available to executive suites. The SSID OEAP- WiFiN3T! will permit connectivity to corporate as if the client were in the office. The remote lan port is a  port allowing connectivity to corporate. There are 2 RLAN ports LAN1 (green) provides POE and the  other LAN2 is a standard switch port.  After the AP is connected to the internet it completes a series of checks, then connects with a       After the AP is connected to the internet it completes a series of checks, then connects with a  centralized controller. As the AP negotiates its connection with the internet, it connects with  192.241.19.7 the publicly accessible IP of the controller. Once it connects with 192.241.19.7 it then sees  if its mac address is on the controller, after confirming the mac, the AP connects with the controller and  downloads code if needed. If any of these two steps fail; the AP will not connect with corporate and  require further trouble shooting. This image shows the ports on the OEAP and how it is connected to the internet provider. The AP must be connected in the base to work correctly:     1. 2. The WAN port Yellow with base and Grey Pass-thru without base, is used to connect with any  internet connection.  Port’s LAN1 & LAN2 are the rlan – and provide full network connectivity to corporate. The port  labeled LAN3 is used for local connectivity only.     Wiring up the OEAP: 1. 2. 3. The client will have a separate document showing how to wire up the OEAP and will show give  examples of different cable modems etc. In the diagram below the cable modem could be a switch, modem, or internet connection that  may be a wall jack like in an executive suite. There should be a cable going from the WAN port Yellow with base and Grey Pass-thru without  base to ports 1-4 of the cable modem. On some modems, there is a WAN port, if connectivity is  not working make sure they are not plugged into this port. 4. There are also situations where the client may have a 2 port cable modem with a switch. In this  case the OEAP will plug into any port on the switch     There are no symbols on the OEAP 1810 instead there is only a dimly lit LED light. If there are any issues  with connectivity the below list the LED status for various conditions. Message Type LED State Possible Messages and Meanings Boot loader status  sequence Blinking Green Association status Chirping Green  MEM test, Board initialization, initialize flash, flash mem test,  starting IOS Normal operation. AP joined to controller, but no wireless  associated. Green Normal operation. Client is attached to AP.      Green Normal operation. Client is attached to AP. Operating status Blinking Amber Software upgrade in progress. Cycling through Green, Red, &  Amber Rapidly cycling through Red, Green,  Amber and Off Discovery/join process to controller AP location command has been invoked. Blinking Red Ethernet link is not operational. Boot loader warnings Blinking Amber Configuration recovery is in progress (Mode button pushed for 2  to 3 seconds.) Red Ethernet failure. Blinking Green Image recover has been initiated (Mode button pushed for 20 to  30 seconds) Image recovery is in progress (Mode button released after being  kept pressed for 20 to 30 seconds). Boot loader errors Red MEM test failure Blinking Red and Amber Flash file system failure Blinking Red and off Env variable failure, Bad MAC, Boot failure Cisco IOS Errors Red Software Failure. Try disconnecting and reconnecting power to  the AP. Cycling through Red, Green, Amber  and off. General waring. Insufficient inline power If the OEAP is not allowing the client to connect with Corporate do the following: 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. If it is a new deployment it’s possible the AP was not joined to the correct AP group on the  controller. All 1810’s should be part of the OEAP-Teleworkers group and have their mac address  added to the security AP Policies list. Is the AP wired correctly? There should be a cable going from the WAN port to the internet  connection and the LED will have a chirping green. If the AP is wired to the internet, but the client cannot connect to corporate, you need to confirm  the AP is configured correctly. If not connected to corporate confirm the LED status from the table  above.  If after rebooting and there is still no change in the LED status. Have the client plug an Ethernet  connection into port 3 of the AP. Run ipconfig from the device that is plugged into port 3 and get the default gateway address. This  is the IP of the OEAP. Open a browser and type http://10.253.x.x, or http://10.0.0.1, or whatever the default gateway is  then hit enter. A login prompt will pop up, the username is admin and the password is  O34pR3mot3, or admin password admin. 7. After you connect to the OEAP click on the HOME tab.     1. 2. Once at the home screen, confirm the AP has an IP address. If AP IP address is 0.0.0.0 there is a  connection issue to the cable modem.  If the AP has an IP address confirm the controller IP is not missing. From the top toolbar click on  configuration, then in the left toolbar click WAN. 1. If the controller IP is missing, type 192.241.19.7 in the blank box and click apply. After a couple  minutes the LED status color should change and start downloading new code and connecting to  corporate. 2. If the LED status does not change the configuration on the controller will require investigation. a. b. The mac address could be missing from the controller. Contact the WAN team to confirm  the mac address of the AP is in the controller and in the correct AP group from step 1. The Local DHCP could be configured to use the same network as their cable modem. Change  the IP address to reflect something other than what shows in the AP IP address field, shown  on the Home page. 1. If the client still cannot connect with corporate and you have confirmed connectivity, there may  be a wireless issue. Confirm from the home page above, in the AP statistics area if both radios are  up. If the radios are down click configuration, then from the left tool bar click system.      up. If the radios are down click configuration, then from the left tool bar click system. If radios are disabled click the drop down and change them to Enabled.     2. If both radios are up, confirm the clients’ laptop has the correct wireless settings. The wireless  settings are pushed down by AD using GPO. There should be a Corporate OEA Wireless network in  the list of managed wireless networks. If the wireless label is not there check that the client is in  the proper GPO group to get this setting.  This concludes the trouble shooting and install of the OEAP. For the most part the OEAP has two main  parts that must be configured for it to connect with corporate. The controller IP and the mac address of  the AP input into the controller. If these are missing the OEAP will not connect with corporate. If these  items are correct there is a local issue preventing the client from connecting.     ","acano - cisco meet overview acano - cisco meet overview acano - cisco meet overview acano - cisco meet overview acano - cisco meet overview acano - cisco meet overview acano - cisco meet overview acano - cisco meet overview acano - cisco meet overview acano - cisco meet overview tuesday, august 15, 2017 1:05 pm acano main voip communication software manage telecom team. now, acano client push sccm windows users. users login username@gmaccm.com network password. new version acano officially rebranded cisco meeting, cisco blue color scheme instead orange. installer cisco meet find applic keep mind officially roll enterprise yet. also go web browser join.berkadia.com join call guest login account. office extend access point (oeap) wednesday, may 14, 2014 9:01 cisco oeap preconfigured extension berkadia network. ap connect home network, perform security negotiations connect corporate network. wireless connections wireless profile oea wireless (oea-wifin3t!) allow access business applications network share you’re office. use step connect oeap home network. 1. remove content box: power plug, ethernet cable, stand ap, ap. 2. every home network different, depend internet provider have. port router may different examples show may require assistance help desk team. picture may similar equipment show various internet modems switch maybe use home. step 4 different examples oeap wire depend type modem have. verizon modem comcast modem comcast modem comcast modem linksys switch dlink switch 3. blue cable plug cable modem, switch, plug end oeap wan port. oeap plug power cable in, turn power switch plug blue cable wan port. wan port. 4. blue cable plug oeap modem, switch; look similar draw below. single port cable modem plug switch couple devices. could replace oeap, recommend plug oeap exist switch. 5. blue cable connect oeap oeap power on, start see series flash lead icons ap. cable connect correctly berkadia network icon turn blue, purple. 6. leds show problems ready connect network. ssid corporate oea wireless configure automatically connect. confirm connect leave click wireless icon system tray . click wireless icon see ssids area. corporate oea wireless show connected, right click connect. couple second negotiate network show connected. connect state able access network shares, company websites applications. 7. problems connectivity berkadia network symbol show different lead colors. mean status lead purple blue flash blue flash orange association status connect berkadia: normal operate condition, wireless client associate berkadia. association status connect berkadia: normal operate condition, least one wireless client associated. operate status: software upgrade progress. operate status: ip address, wait dhcp ip. operate status: discovery/join process progress berkadia network, client associated. operate status: discovery/join process progress berkadia network, client associated. flash orange cycle blue, orange, purple cycle orange purple orange operate status: discovery/join process progress berkadia network, client associated. cisco ios errors: software failure, try disconnect reconnecting unit power 8. issue occur setup oeap please contact help desk 1-800-975-4357 option #1, #8. wednesday, may 14, 2014 9:03 trouble shoot newly instal oeap cisco office extend access point (oeap) access point connect remote clients corporate network use internet connection. oeap provide two type connections corporate use wireless remote lan (rlan) port. wireless connection allow connectivity two ssids oea-wifin3t! bcmguest available executive suites. ssid oea- wifin3t! permit connectivity corporate client office. remote lan port future port allow connectivity corporate, slat phone port. ap connect internet complete series checks, connect centralize controller. ap negotiate connection internet, connect 192.241.19.7 publicly accessible ip controller. connect 192.241.19.7 see mac address controller, confirm mac, ap connect controller. two step fail; ap connect corporate require trouble shooting. image show port oeap connect internet: 1. 2. wan port use connect internet connection. could type cable modem, dsl, direct connect internet connection like executive suite. port 4 rlan – port active yet provide future connectivity phone port 1 – 3 port use local connectivity only. 3. reset button allow ap reset factory configuration never used. wire oeap: 1. 2. 3. client separate document show wire oeap show give examples different cable modems etc. diagram cable modem could switch, modem, internet connection may wall jack like executive suite. cable go wan port oeap port 1-4 cable modem. modems, wan port, connectivity work make sure plug port. 4. also situations client may 2 port cable modem switch. case oeap plug port switch symbols oeap: 1. 2. 4 important symbols here, order image cisco bridge, wireless signal, internet, power 4 symbols blue, purple light indicate active. purple blue trouble shoot need perform oeap allow client connect corporate following: 1. 2. 3. 4. ap wire correctly cable go wan port internet connection cisco bridge symbol blue purple ap wire internet, client cannot connect corporate, need confirm ap configure correctly. connect corporate cisco bridge icon blink orange. solid orange ios errors, software failure; try disconnect reconnecting unit power. reboot still orange cisco bridge symbol, client plug ethernet connection port 1 ap. run ipconfig device plug port 1 get default gateway address. ip oeap. a. open browser type http://10.253.x.x hit enter. login prompt pop up, username admin password o34pr3mot3. 5. connect ap home screen. 7. 8. home screen, confirm ap ip address. ip address trouble shoot internet connection. ap ip address confirm controller ip missing. top toolbar click configuration, leave toolbar click wan. yes 9. 10. 11. controller ip missing, type 192.241.19.7 blank box click apply. couple minutes cisco bridge symbol turn blue purple start download new code connect corporate. cisco bridge symbol still turn blue purple mac address could miss controller. contact wan team confirm mac address ap controller.0.6 client still cannot connect corporate confirm connectivity, may wireless issue. confirm home page above, ap statistics area radio up. radio click configuration, leave tool bar click system. radio disable click drop change enabled. 12. radio up, confirm clients’ laptop correct wireless settings. wireless settings push ad use gpo. corporate oea wireless network list manage wireless networks. wireless label check client proper gpo group get setting. conclude trouble shoot install oeap. part oeap two main part must configure connect corporate. controller ip mac address ap input controller. miss oeap connect corporate. items correct local issue prevent client connecting. corporate. items correct local issue prevent client connecting. cisco oeap 1810 thursday, may 05, 2016 5:17 berkadia teleworker office extend access point (oeap1810) cisco oeap preconfigured extension berkadia network. ap connect home network, perform security negotiations connect corporate network. wireless connections use wireless profi le oea-corpwireless allow access business applications network share you’re office. use step b elow connect oeap home network. 1. remove content box: 2. every home network different, depend internet provider have. port router may different examples show may require assistance help desk team. picture may similar equipment show various internet modems switch maybe use home. step 4 different examples oeap wire depend type modem have. verizon modem comcast modem comcast modem comcast modem linksys switch dlink switch linksys switch dlink switch 3. blue cable plug cable modem, switch, plug end oeap wan port. oeap plug power cable plug cable router yellow wan port. 4. wan cable plug oeap modem, switch; look similar draw below. single port cable modem plug switch couple devices. could replace oeap, it’s recommend plug oeap exist switch. network cable connect oeap oeap power on, start see series flash lead lights. cable connect correctly see chirp green light. leds show problems ready connect network. use network cable connect ip phone oeap, use lan1. connect computer oeap via network cable, may use either lan1 lan2. use lan3, lan3 configuration purpose only. wireless, ssid oea-corpwireless configure automatically connect. confirm connect leave click wireless icon system tray . click wireless icon, see ssids area. 5. 6. 7. oea-corpwireless show connected, right click connect. couple second negotiate network show connected. connect state able access network shares, company websites applications. 8. issue occur setup oeap please contact help desk 1-888-975-4357 option #1, #8. trouble shoot newly instal oeap cisco office extend access point (oeap) access point connect remote clients corporate network use internet connection. oeap provide two type connections corporate use wireless remote lan (rlan) port. wireless connection allow connectivity two ssids oeap-wifin3t! bcmguest available executive suites. ssid oeap- wifin3t! permit connectivity corporate client office. remote lan port port allow connectivity corporate. 2 rlan port lan1 (green) provide poe lan2 standard switch port. ap connect internet complete series checks, connect ap connect internet complete series checks, connect centralize controller. ap negotiate connection internet, connect 192.241.19.7 publicly accessible ip controller. connect 192.241.19.7 see mac address controller, confirm mac, ap connect controller download code needed. two step fail; ap connect corporate require trouble shooting. image show port oeap connect internet provider. ap must connect base work correctly: 1. 2. wan port yellow base grey pass-thru without base, use connect internet connection. port’s lan1 & lan2 rlan – provide full network connectivity corporate. port label lan3 use local connectivity only. wire oeap: 1. 2. 3. client separate document show wire oeap show give examples different cable modems etc. diagram cable modem could switch, modem, internet connection may wall jack like executive suite. cable go wan port yellow base grey pass-thru without base port 1-4 cable modem. modems, wan port, connectivity work make sure plug port. 4. also situations client may 2 port cable modem switch. case oeap plug port switch symbols oeap 1810 instead dimly light lead light. issue connectivity list lead status various conditions. message type lead state possible message mean boot loader status sequence blink green association status chirp green mem test, board initialization, initialize flash, flash mem test, start ios normal operation. ap join controller, wireless associated. green normal operation. client attach ap. green normal operation. client attach ap. operate status blink amber software upgrade progress. cycle green, red, & amber rapidly cycle red, green, amber discovery/join process controller ap location command invoked. blink red ethernet link operational. boot loader warn blink amber configuration recovery progress (mode button push 2 3 seconds.) red ethernet failure. blink green image recover initiate (mode button push 20 30 seconds) image recovery progress (mode button release keep press 20 30 seconds). boot loader errors red mem test failure blink red amber flash file system failure blink red env variable failure, bad mac, boot failure cisco ios errors red software failure. try disconnect reconnecting power ap. cycle red, green, amber off. general waring. insufficient inline power oeap allow client connect corporate following: 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. new deployment it’s possible ap join correct ap group controller. 1810’s part oeap-teleworkers group mac address add security ap policies list. ap wire correctly cable go wan port internet connection lead chirp green. ap wire internet, client cannot connect corporate, need confirm ap configure correctly. connect corporate confirm lead status table above. reboot still change lead status. client plug ethernet connection port 3 ap. run ipconfig device plug port 3 get default gateway address. ip oeap. open browser type http://10.253.x.x, http://10.0.0.1, whatever default gateway hit enter. login prompt pop up, username admin password o34pr3mot3, admin password admin. 7. connect oeap click home tab. 1. 2. home screen, confirm ap ip address. ap ip address 0.0.0.0 connection issue cable modem. ap ip address confirm controller ip missing. top toolbar click configuration, leave toolbar click wan. 1. controller ip missing, type 192.241.19.7 blank box click apply. couple minutes lead status color change start download new code connect corporate. 2. lead status change configuration controller require investigation. a. b. mac address could miss controller. contact wan team confirm mac address ap controller correct ap group step 1. local dhcp could configure use network cable modem. change ip address reflect something show ap ip address field, show home page. 1. client still cannot connect corporate confirm connectivity, may wireless issue. confirm home page above, ap statistics area radio up. radio click configuration, leave tool bar click system. up. radio click configuration, leave tool bar click system. radio disable click drop change enabled. 2. radio up, confirm clients’ laptop correct wireless settings. wireless settings push ad use gpo. corporate oea wireless network list manage wireless networks. wireless label check client proper gpo group get setting. conclude trouble shoot install oeap. part oeap two main part must configure connect corporate. controller ip mac address ap input controller. miss oeap connect corporate. items correct local issue prevent client connecting.","Acano - Cisco Meeting Overview Acano - Cisco Meeting Overview   Tuesday, August 15, 2017 1:05 PM Acano is the main VoIP communication software managed by the Telecom team. As of now, the  Acano client is pushed out through SCCM for Windows users. Users should login with  username@gmaccm.com and their network password. The new version of Acano will officially be rebranded as Cisco Meeting, with the Cisco blue color  scheme instead of orange. The installer for Cisco Meeting can be found on applic but keep in mind  that it hasn't been officially rolled out for the enterprise yet. You can also go through the web browser at join.berkadia.com and join a call as a guest or login your  own account.      Office Extend Access Point (OEAP) Wednesday, May 14, 2014 9:01 AM The Cisco OEAP is preconfigured to be an extension of the Berkadia network. Once the AP is connected to your home network, it performs security negotiations and connects with the corporate network. Now any wireless connections to the wireless profile  OEA Wireless (OEA-WiFiN3T!) allows you to access all business applications and network shares as if you’re in the office.  Using  the steps below connect the OEAP to your home network.   1. Remove all contents from the box: power plug, Ethernet cable, stand for the AP, and AP. 2. Every home network will be different, depending on the internet provider you have. Ports on your router may be different  than then the examples shown and may require further assistance from the Help Desk Team. The pictures below may be  similar to your equipment and show various internet modems and switches that maybe used in your home. At step 4 there  are different examples of how the OEAP should be wired depending on the type of modem you have. Verizon Modem                    Comcast Modem Comcast Modem                    Comcast Modem Linksys Switch                    Dlink Switch 3. With the blue cable plugged into your cable modem, or switch, plug the other end into the OEAP WAN port. On the OEAP plug the power cable in, turn the power switch on and plug the blue cable in to  the WAN port.       the WAN port.  4. With the blue cable plugged in between the OEAP and the modem, or switch; it should look similar to the drawing below.                    If you have a single port cable modem plugging into a switch with only a couple devices. You could replace it with the  OEAP, but its recommended to plug the OEAP into your existing switch.          5. After the blue cable has been connected to your OEAP and the OEAP powered on, you will start to see a series of flashing  LED icons on the AP. If all cables are connected correctly the Berkadia Network icon will turn blue, or purple. 6. If the LEDS show no problems you are ready to connect to the network. The SSID Corporate OEA Wireless is configured to  automatically connect. To confirm it has connected left click the wireless icon in your system tray   . After clicking the  Wireless icon you will see all the SSIDs in the area. If the Corporate OEA Wireless does not show connected, right click on it and then connect. After a couple seconds of  negotiating the network it should show connected. Once in the connected state you are now able to access network  shares, company websites and applications. 7. If there are any problems with connectivity the Berkadia network symbol above will show different LED colors. Meaning Status LED Purple Blue Flashing Blue Flashing Orange Association Status when connected to Berkadia: Normal operating condition, no wireless client associated to Berkadia. Association status when connected to Berkadia: Normal operating condition, at least one wireless client associated. Operating Status: Software upgrade in progress. Operating Status: No IP address, waiting for DHCP IP. Operating Status: Discovery/join process in progress with Berkadia network, no client associated. Operating Status: Discovery/join process in progress with Berkadia network, with client associated.      Flashing Orange Cycling blue, orange, and purple Cycling orange and purple Orange Operating Status: Discovery/join process in progress with Berkadia network, with client associated. Cisco IOS errors: Software failure, try disconnecting and reconnecting unit power 8. If any issues occur during the setup of your OEAP please contact the help desk at 1-800-975-4357 option #1, or #8.      Wednesday, May 14, 2014 9:03 AM Trouble Shoot a Newly Installed OEAP The Cisco Office Extend Access Point (OEAP) is an access point that connects remote clients with the  corporate network using an internet connection. The OEAP provides two types of connections to  corporate using wireless and a remote lan (rlan) port. The wireless connection will allow connectivity  with two SSIDs OEA-WiFiN3T! and bcmguest is only available to executive suites. The SSID OEA- WiFiN3T! will permit connectivity to corporate as if the client were in the office. The remote lan port  is a future port that allows connectivity to corporate, but is slated to be a phone port. After the AP is connected to the internet it completes a series of checks, then connects with a  centralized controller. As the AP negotiates its connection with the internet, it connects with  192.241.19.7 the publicly accessible IP of the controller. Once it connects with 192.241.19.7 it then  sees if its mac address is on the controller, after confirming the mac, the AP connects with the  controller. If any of these two steps fail; the AP will not connect with corporate and require further  trouble shooting. This image shows the ports on the OEAP and how it is connected to the internet: 1. 2. The WAN port is used to connect with any internet connection. This could be any type of cable  modem, dsl, or direct connect internet connection like in an executive suite. Port 4 is the rlan – the port that is not active yet and will provide future connectivity for  phones and ports 1 – 3 are ports are used for local connectivity only. 3. The reset button allows the AP to be reset to factory configuration and should never be used.     Wiring up the OEAP: 1. 2. 3. The client will have a separate document showing how to wire up the OEAP and will show give  examples of different cable modems etc. In the diagram below the cable modem could be a switch, modem, or internet connection that  may be a wall jack like in an executive suite. There should be a cable going from the WAN port of the OEAP to ports 1-4 of the cable  modem. On some modems, there is a WAN port, if connectivity is not working make sure they  are not plugged into this port. 4. There are also situations where the client may have a 2 port cable modem with a switch. In  this case the OEAP will plug into any port on the switch           Symbols of the OEAP: 1. 2. The 4 important symbols here, in order from the image above are the Cisco bridge, the  wireless signal, internet, and power All 4 symbols should have a blue, or purple light indicating they are active. If they are not  purple or blue further trouble shooting will need to be performed If the OEAP is not allowing the client to connect with Corporate do the following: 1. 2. 3. 4. Is the AP wired correctly? There should be a cable going from the WAN port to the internet  connection and the Cisco bridge symbol should be blue or purple If the AP is wired to the internet, but the client cannot connect to corporate, you need to  confirm the AP is configured correctly. If not connected to corporate the Cisco bridge icon will  blink orange. If a solid orange then there are IOS errors, or a software failure; try  disconnecting and reconnecting unit power. If after rebooting and there is still an Orange Cisco bridge symbol, have the client plug an  Ethernet connection into port 1 of the AP. Run ipconfig from the device that is plugged into port 1 and get the default gateway address.  This is the IP of the OEAP. a. Open a browser and type in the http://10.253.x.x then hit enter. A login prompt will pop  up, the username is admin and the password is O34pR3mot3. 5. Once connected to the AP you will be at the home screen. 7. 8. Once at the home screen, confirm the AP has an IP address. If no IP address trouble shoot  internet connection. If the AP has an IP address confirm the controller IP is not missing. From the top toolbar click  on configuration, then in the left toolbar click WAN.      yes 9. 10. 11. If the controller IP is missing, type 192.241.19.7 in the blank box and click apply. After a couple  minutes the Cisco bridge symbol should turn blue or purple and start downloading new code  and connecting to corporate. If the Cisco bridge symbol still does not turn blue or purple the mac address could be missing  from the controller. Contact the WAN team to confirm the mac address of the AP is in the  controller.0.6 If the client still cannot connect with corporate and you have confirmed connectivity, there  may be a wireless issue. Confirm from the home page above, in the AP statistics area if both  radios are up. If the radios are down click configuration, then from the left tool bar click  system. If radios are disabled click the drop down and change them to enabled. 12. If both radios are up, confirm the clients’ laptop has the correct wireless settings. The wireless  settings are pushed down by AD using GPO. There should be a Corporate OEA Wireless  network in the list of managed wireless networks. If the wireless label is not there check that  the client is in the proper GPO group to get this setting.  This concludes the trouble shooting and install of the OEAP. For the most part the OEAP has two  main parts that must be configured for it to connect with corporate. The controller IP and the mac  address of the AP input into the controller. If these are missing the OEAP will not connect with  corporate. If these items are correct there is a local issue preventing the client from connecting.       corporate. If these items are correct there is a local issue preventing the client from connecting.       Cisco OEAP 1810 Thursday, May 05, 2016 5:17 AM Berkadia Teleworker Office Extend Access Point (OEAP1810) The Cisco OEAP is preconfigured to be an extension of the Berkadia network. Once the AP is connected to your home network, it performs security negotiations and connects with the corporate network. Now any wireless connections using the wireless profi le  OEA-CorpWireless allows you to access all business applications and network shares as if you’re in the office.  Using the steps b elow  connect the OEAP to your home network.   1. Remove all contents from the box: 2. Every home network will be different, depending on the internet provider you have. Ports on your router may be different  than then the examples shown and may require further assistance from the Help Desk Team. The pictures below may be  similar to your equipment and show various internet modems and switches that maybe used in your home. At step 4 there  are different examples of how the OEAP should be wired depending on the type of modem you have. Verizon Modem                    Comcast Modem Comcast Modem                    Comcast Modem Linksys Switch                    Dlink Switch      Linksys Switch                    Dlink Switch 3. With the blue cable plugged into your cable modem, or switch, plug the other end into the OEAP WAN port. On the OEAP plug the  power cable in and plug  the cable in from your  router to the Yellow  WAN port.  4. With the wan cable plugged in between the OEAP and the modem, or switch; it should look similar to the drawing below.                              If you have a single port cable modem plugging into a switch with only a couple devices. You could replace it with the  OEAP, but it’s recommended to plug the OEAP into your existing switch.              After the network cable has been connected to your OEAP and the OEAP powered on, you will start to see a series of flashing  LED lights. If all cables are connected correctly you will see a chirping green light. If the LEDS show no problems you are ready to connect to the network. If using a network cable to connect an IP phone to the  OEAP, use LAN1. If connecting a computer to the OEAP via a network cable, you may use either LAN1 or LAN2. Do  NOT use  LAN3, as LAN3 is for configuration purposes only. For wireless, the SSID OEA-CorpWireless is configured to automatically  connect. To confirm it has connected left click the wireless icon in your system tray   . After clicking the Wireless icon, you will see all the SSIDs in the area. 5. 6. 7. If the OEA-CorpWireless does not show connected, right click on it and then connect. After a couple seconds of negotiating  the network it should show connected. Once in the connected state you are now able to access network shares, company  websites and applications. 8. If any issues occur during the setup of your OEAP please contact the help desk at 1-888-975-4357 option #1, or #8. Trouble Shoot a Newly Installed OEAP The Cisco Office Extend Access Point (OEAP) is an access point that connects remote clients with the  corporate network using an internet connection. The OEAP provides two types of connections to  corporate using wireless and a remote lan (rlan) port. The wireless connection will allow connectivity  with two SSIDs OEAP-WiFiN3T! and bcmguest is only available to executive suites. The SSID OEAP- WiFiN3T! will permit connectivity to corporate as if the client were in the office. The remote lan port is a  port allowing connectivity to corporate. There are 2 RLAN ports LAN1 (green) provides POE and the  other LAN2 is a standard switch port.  After the AP is connected to the internet it completes a series of checks, then connects with a       After the AP is connected to the internet it completes a series of checks, then connects with a  centralized controller. As the AP negotiates its connection with the internet, it connects with  192.241.19.7 the publicly accessible IP of the controller. Once it connects with 192.241.19.7 it then sees  if its mac address is on the controller, after confirming the mac, the AP connects with the controller and  downloads code if needed. If any of these two steps fail; the AP will not connect with corporate and  require further trouble shooting. This image shows the ports on the OEAP and how it is connected to the internet provider. The AP must be connected in the base to work correctly:     1. 2. The WAN port Yellow with base and Grey Pass-thru without base, is used to connect with any  internet connection.  Port’s LAN1 & LAN2 are the rlan – and provide full network connectivity to corporate. The port  labeled LAN3 is used for local connectivity only.     Wiring up the OEAP: 1. 2. 3. The client will have a separate document showing how to wire up the OEAP and will show give  examples of different cable modems etc. In the diagram below the cable modem could be a switch, modem, or internet connection that  may be a wall jack like in an executive suite. There should be a cable going from the WAN port Yellow with base and Grey Pass-thru without  base to ports 1-4 of the cable modem. On some modems, there is a WAN port, if connectivity is  not working make sure they are not plugged into this port. 4. There are also situations where the client may have a 2 port cable modem with a switch. In this  case the OEAP will plug into any port on the switch     There are no symbols on the OEAP 1810 instead there is only a dimly lit LED light. If there are any issues  with connectivity the below list the LED status for various conditions. Message Type LED State Possible Messages and Meanings Boot loader status  sequence Blinking Green Association status Chirping Green  MEM test, Board initialization, initialize flash, flash mem test,  starting IOS Normal operation. AP joined to controller, but no wireless  associated. Green Normal operation. Client is attached to AP.      Green Normal operation. Client is attached to AP. Operating status Blinking Amber Software upgrade in progress. Cycling through Green, Red, &  Amber Rapidly cycling through Red, Green,  Amber and Off Discovery/join process to controller AP location command has been invoked. Blinking Red Ethernet link is not operational. Boot loader warnings Blinking Amber Configuration recovery is in progress (Mode button pushed for 2  to 3 seconds.) Red Ethernet failure. Blinking Green Image recover has been initiated (Mode button pushed for 20 to  30 seconds) Image recovery is in progress (Mode button released after being  kept pressed for 20 to 30 seconds). Boot loader errors Red MEM test failure Blinking Red and Amber Flash file system failure Blinking Red and off Env variable failure, Bad MAC, Boot failure Cisco IOS Errors Red Software Failure. Try disconnecting and reconnecting power to  the AP. Cycling through Red, Green, Amber  and off. General waring. Insufficient inline power If the OEAP is not allowing the client to connect with Corporate do the following: 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. If it is a new deployment it’s possible the AP was not joined to the correct AP group on the  controller. All 1810’s should be part of the OEAP-Teleworkers group and have their mac address  added to the security AP Policies list. Is the AP wired correctly? There should be a cable going from the WAN port to the internet  connection and the LED will have a chirping green. If the AP is wired to the internet, but the client cannot connect to corporate, you need to confirm  the AP is configured correctly. If not connected to corporate confirm the LED status from the table  above.  If after rebooting and there is still no change in the LED status. Have the client plug an Ethernet  connection into port 3 of the AP. Run ipconfig from the device that is plugged into port 3 and get the default gateway address. This  is the IP of the OEAP. Open a browser and type http://10.253.x.x, or http://10.0.0.1, or whatever the default gateway is  then hit enter. A login prompt will pop up, the username is admin and the password is  O34pR3mot3, or admin password admin. 7. After you connect to the OEAP click on the HOME tab.     1. 2. Once at the home screen, confirm the AP has an IP address. If AP IP address is 0.0.0.0 there is a  connection issue to the cable modem.  If the AP has an IP address confirm the controller IP is not missing. From the top toolbar click on  configuration, then in the left toolbar click WAN. 1. If the controller IP is missing, type 192.241.19.7 in the blank box and click apply. After a couple  minutes the LED status color should change and start downloading new code and connecting to  corporate. 2. If the LED status does not change the configuration on the controller will require investigation. a. b. The mac address could be missing from the controller. Contact the WAN team to confirm  the mac address of the AP is in the controller and in the correct AP group from step 1. The Local DHCP could be configured to use the same network as their cable modem. Change  the IP address to reflect something other than what shows in the AP IP address field, shown  on the Home page. 1. If the client still cannot connect with corporate and you have confirmed connectivity, there may  be a wireless issue. Confirm from the home page above, in the AP statistics area if both radios are  up. If the radios are down click configuration, then from the left tool bar click system.      up. If the radios are down click configuration, then from the left tool bar click system. If radios are disabled click the drop down and change them to Enabled.     2. If both radios are up, confirm the clients’ laptop has the correct wireless settings. The wireless  settings are pushed down by AD using GPO. There should be a Corporate OEA Wireless network in  the list of managed wireless networks. If the wireless label is not there check that the client is in  the proper GPO group to get this setting.  This concludes the trouble shooting and install of the OEAP. For the most part the OEAP has two main  parts that must be configured for it to connect with corporate. The controller IP and the mac address of  the AP input into the controller. If these are missing the OEAP will not connect with corporate. If these  items are correct there is a local issue preventing the client from connecting.     ","acano - cisco meet overview acano - cisco meet overview tuesday, august 15, 2017 1:05 pm acano main voip communication software manage telecom team. now, acano client push sccm windows users. users login username@gmaccm.com network password. new version acano officially rebranded cisco meeting, cisco blue color scheme instead orange. installer cisco meet find applic keep mind officially roll enterprise yet. also go web browser join.berkadia.com join call guest login account. office extend access point (oeap) wednesday, may 14, 2014 9:01 cisco oeap preconfigured extension berkadia network. ap connect home network, perform security negotiations connect corporate network. wireless connections wireless profile oea wireless (oea-wifin3t!) allow access business applications network share you’re office. use step connect oeap home network. 1. remove content box: power plug, ethernet cable, stand ap, ap. 2. every home network different, depend internet provider have. port router may different examples show may require assistance help desk team. picture may similar equipment show various internet modems switch maybe use home. step 4 different examples oeap wire depend type modem have. verizon modem comcast modem comcast modem comcast modem linksys switch dlink switch 3. blue cable plug cable modem, switch, plug end oeap wan port. oeap plug power cable in, turn power switch plug blue cable wan port. wan port. 4. blue cable plug oeap modem, switch; look similar draw below. single port cable modem plug switch couple devices. could replace oeap, recommend plug oeap exist switch. 5. blue cable connect oeap oeap power on, start see series flash lead icons ap. cable connect correctly berkadia network icon turn blue, purple. 6. leds show problems ready connect network. ssid corporate oea wireless configure automatically connect. confirm connect leave click wireless icon system tray . click wireless icon see ssids area. corporate oea wireless show connected, right click connect. couple second negotiate network show connected. connect state able access network shares, company websites applications. 7. problems connectivity berkadia network symbol show different lead colors. mean status lead purple blue flash blue flash orange association status connect berkadia: normal operate condition, wireless client associate berkadia. association status connect berkadia: normal operate condition, least one wireless client associated. operate status: software upgrade progress. operate status: ip address, wait dhcp ip. operate status: discovery/join process progress berkadia network, client associated. operate status: discovery/join process progress berkadia network, client associated. flash orange cycle blue, orange, purple cycle orange purple orange operate status: discovery/join process progress berkadia network, client associated. cisco ios errors: software failure, try disconnect reconnecting unit power 8. issue occur setup oeap please contact help desk 1-800-975-4357 option #1, #8. wednesday, may 14, 2014 9:03 trouble shoot newly instal oeap cisco office extend access point (oeap) access point connect remote clients corporate network use internet connection. oeap provide two type connections corporate use wireless remote lan (rlan) port. wireless connection allow connectivity two ssids oea-wifin3t! bcmguest available executive suites. ssid oea- wifin3t! permit connectivity corporate client office. remote lan port future port allow connectivity corporate, slat phone port. ap connect internet complete series checks, connect centralize controller. ap negotiate connection internet, connect 192.241.19.7 publicly accessible ip controller. connect 192.241.19.7 see mac address controller, confirm mac, ap connect controller. two step fail; ap connect corporate require trouble shooting. image show port oeap connect internet: 1. 2. wan port use connect internet connection. could type cable modem, dsl, direct connect internet connection like executive suite. port 4 rlan – port active yet provide future connectivity phone port 1 – 3 port use local connectivity only. 3. reset button allow ap reset factory configuration never used. wire oeap: 1. 2. 3. client separate document show wire oeap show give examples different cable modems etc. diagram cable modem could switch, modem, internet connection may wall jack like executive suite. cable go wan port oeap port 1-4 cable modem. modems, wan port, connectivity work make sure plug port. 4. also situations client may 2 port cable modem switch. case oeap plug port switch symbols oeap: 1. 2. 4 important symbols here, order image cisco bridge, wireless signal, internet, power 4 symbols blue, purple light indicate active. purple blue trouble shoot need perform oeap allow client connect corporate following: 1. 2. 3. 4. ap wire correctly cable go wan port internet connection cisco bridge symbol blue purple ap wire internet, client cannot connect corporate, need confirm ap configure correctly. connect corporate cisco bridge icon blink orange. solid orange ios errors, software failure; try disconnect reconnecting unit power. reboot still orange cisco bridge symbol, client plug ethernet connection port 1 ap. run ipconfig device plug port 1 get default gateway address. ip oeap. a. open browser type http://10.253.x.x hit enter. login prompt pop up, username admin password o34pr3mot3. 5. connect ap home screen. 7. 8. home screen, confirm ap ip address. ip address trouble shoot internet connection. ap ip address confirm controller ip missing. top toolbar click configuration, leave toolbar click wan. yes 9. 10. 11. controller ip missing, type 192.241.19.7 blank box click apply. couple minutes cisco bridge symbol turn blue purple start download new code connect corporate. cisco bridge symbol still turn blue purple mac address could miss controller. contact wan team confirm mac address ap controller.0.6 client still cannot connect corporate confirm connectivity, may wireless issue. confirm home page above, ap statistics area radio up. radio click configuration, leave tool bar click system. radio disable click drop change enabled. 12. radio up, confirm clients’ laptop correct wireless settings. wireless settings push ad use gpo. corporate oea wireless network list manage wireless networks. wireless label check client proper gpo group get setting. conclude trouble shoot install oeap. part oeap two main part must configure connect corporate. controller ip mac address ap input controller. miss oeap connect corporate. items correct local issue prevent client connecting. corporate. items correct local issue prevent client connecting. cisco oeap 1810 thursday, may 05, 2016 5:17 berkadia teleworker office extend access point (oeap1810) cisco oeap preconfigured extension berkadia network. ap connect home network, perform security negotiations connect corporate network. wireless connections use wireless profi le oea-corpwireless allow access business applications network share you’re office. use step b elow connect oeap home network. 1. remove content box: 2. every home network different, depend internet provider have. port router may different examples show may require assistance help desk team. picture may similar equipment show various internet modems switch maybe use home. step 4 different examples oeap wire depend type modem have. verizon modem comcast modem comcast modem comcast modem linksys switch dlink switch linksys switch dlink switch 3. blue cable plug cable modem, switch, plug end oeap wan port. oeap plug power cable plug cable router yellow wan port. 4. wan cable plug oeap modem, switch; look similar draw below. single port cable modem plug switch couple devices. could replace oeap, it’s recommend plug oeap exist switch. network cable connect oeap oeap power on, start see series flash lead lights. cable connect correctly see chirp green light. leds show problems ready connect network. use network cable connect ip phone oeap, use lan1. connect computer oeap via network cable, may use either lan1 lan2. use lan3, lan3 configuration purpose only. wireless, ssid oea-corpwireless configure automatically connect. confirm connect leave click wireless icon system tray . click wireless icon, see ssids area. 5. 6. 7. oea-corpwireless show connected, right click connect. couple second negotiate network show connected. connect state able access network shares, company websites applications. 8. issue occur setup oeap please contact help desk 1-888-975-4357 option #1, #8. trouble shoot newly instal oeap cisco office extend access point (oeap) access point connect remote clients corporate network use internet connection. oeap provide two type connections corporate use wireless remote lan (rlan) port. wireless connection allow connectivity two ssids oeap-wifin3t! bcmguest available executive suites. ssid oeap- wifin3t! permit connectivity corporate client office. remote lan port port allow connectivity corporate. 2 rlan port lan1 (green) provide poe lan2 standard switch port. ap connect internet complete series checks, connect ap connect internet complete series checks, connect centralize controller. ap negotiate connection internet, connect 192.241.19.7 publicly accessible ip controller. connect 192.241.19.7 see mac address controller, confirm mac, ap connect controller download code needed. two step fail; ap connect corporate require trouble shooting. image show port oeap connect internet provider. ap must connect base work correctly: 1. 2. wan port yellow base grey pass-thru without base, use connect internet connection. port’s lan1 & lan2 rlan – provide full network connectivity corporate. port label lan3 use local connectivity only. wire oeap: 1. 2. 3. client separate document show wire oeap show give examples different cable modems etc. diagram cable modem could switch, modem, internet connection may wall jack like executive suite. cable go wan port yellow base grey pass-thru without base port 1-4 cable modem. modems, wan port, connectivity work make sure plug port. 4. also situations client may 2 port cable modem switch. case oeap plug port switch symbols oeap 1810 instead dimly light lead light. issue connectivity list lead status various conditions. message type lead state possible message mean boot loader status sequence blink green association status chirp green mem test, board initialization, initialize flash, flash mem test, start ios normal operation. ap join controller, wireless associated. green normal operation. client attach ap. green normal operation. client attach ap. operate status blink amber software upgrade progress. cycle green, red, & amber rapidly cycle red, green, amber discovery/join process controller ap location command invoked. blink red ethernet link operational. boot loader warn blink amber configuration recovery progress (mode button push 2 3 seconds.) red ethernet failure. blink green image recover initiate (mode button push 20 30 seconds) image recovery progress (mode button release keep press 20 30 seconds). boot loader errors red mem test failure blink red amber flash file system failure blink red env variable failure, bad mac, boot failure cisco ios errors red software failure. try disconnect reconnecting power ap. cycle red, green, amber off. general waring. insufficient inline power oeap allow client connect corporate following: 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. new deployment it’s possible ap join correct ap group controller. 1810’s part oeap-teleworkers group mac address add security ap policies list. ap wire correctly cable go wan port internet connection lead chirp green. ap wire internet, client cannot connect corporate, need confirm ap configure correctly. connect corporate confirm lead status table above. reboot still change lead status. client plug ethernet connection port 3 ap. run ipconfig device plug port 3 get default gateway address. ip oeap. open browser type http://10.253.x.x, http://10.0.0.1, whatever default gateway hit enter. login prompt pop up, username admin password o34pr3mot3, admin password admin. 7. connect oeap click home tab. 1. 2. home screen, confirm ap ip address. ap ip address 0.0.0.0 connection issue cable modem. ap ip address confirm controller ip missing. top toolbar click configuration, leave toolbar click wan. 1. controller ip missing, type 192.241.19.7 blank box click apply. couple minutes lead status color change start download new code connect corporate. 2. lead status change configuration controller require investigation. a. b. mac address could miss controller. contact wan team confirm mac address ap controller correct ap group step 1. local dhcp could configure use network cable modem. change ip address reflect something show ap ip address field, show home page. 1. client still cannot connect corporate confirm connectivity, may wireless issue. confirm home page above, ap statistics area radio up. radio click configuration, leave tool bar click system. up. radio click configuration, leave tool bar click system. radio disable click drop change enabled. 2. radio up, confirm clients’ laptop correct wireless settings. wireless settings push ad use gpo. corporate oea wireless network list manage wireless networks. wireless label check client proper gpo group get setting. conclude trouble shoot install oeap. part oeap two main part must configure connect corporate. controller ip mac address ap input controller. miss oeap connect corporate. items correct local issue prevent client connecting."
44,Acano Account Configuration," Sunday, March 13, 2016 3:32 PM *** Updating for Kanban workflow *** Acano Account Configuration All, As you know we have recently rolled out the new Acano system and we are using 59+ the last 6  characters of a user’s phone number for their Cospace. In order to generate these cospaces we are  storing the phone number data in the “ipPhone” field in AD. I’ve given your ADM account modify  access to this field so you can make changes / additions when they are requested by the telecom  team. You’ll need to use the attribute editor in ADUC to make these changes. The attribute editor is  available when you have Advanced Features selected in the View menu. It is also not available when  you search for a user, you need to browse.       Acano Sign In All Broadview conference bridges have been terminated as of September  1st, 2015 Your new CoSpace ID (conference bridge), which can be used moving  forward, is:  59+Last 6 digits of your desk phone number Example: Desk phone is 215-328-1235; CoSpace ID is – 59281235 To join from a Cisco Phone in an office just dial the CoSpace ID of the  meeting you are going to attend. To join from outside of the office or for external participants the numbers  are (800-531-1693) or (215-328-3590) and you will be prompted for  the CoSpace ID. Video Conferencing with External Participants is also possible, please see  attached instructions for details. Please be aware that: ·         You will need to update all of your scheduled meetings with the  new CoSpace ID.      new CoSpace ID.    ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[820, 822]","Acano Account Configuration Acano Account Configuration Acano Account Configuration Acano Account Configuration Acano Account Configuration Acano Account Configuration Acano Account Configuration Acano Account Configuration Acano Account Configuration Acano Account Configuration   Sunday, March 13, 2016 3:32 PM *** Updating for Kanban workflow *** Acano Account Configuration All, As you know we have recently rolled out the new Acano system and we are using 59+ the last 6  characters of a user’s phone number for their Cospace. In order to generate these cospaces we are  storing the phone number data in the “ipPhone” field in AD. I’ve given your ADM account modify  access to this field so you can make changes / additions when they are requested by the telecom  team. You’ll need to use the attribute editor in ADUC to make these changes. The attribute editor is  available when you have Advanced Features selected in the View menu. It is also not available when  you search for a user, you need to browse.       Acano Sign In All Broadview conference bridges have been terminated as of September  1st, 2015 Your new CoSpace ID (conference bridge), which can be used moving  forward, is:  59+Last 6 digits of your desk phone number Example: Desk phone is 215-328-1235; CoSpace ID is – 59281235 To join from a Cisco Phone in an office just dial the CoSpace ID of the  meeting you are going to attend. To join from outside of the office or for external participants the numbers  are (800-531-1693) or (215-328-3590) and you will be prompted for  the CoSpace ID. Video Conferencing with External Participants is also possible, please see  attached instructions for details. Please be aware that: ·         You will need to update all of your scheduled meetings with the  new CoSpace ID.      new CoSpace ID.    ","acano account configuration acano account configuration acano account configuration acano account configuration acano account configuration acano account configuration acano account configuration acano account configuration acano account configuration acano account configuration sunday, march 13, 2016 3:32 pm *** update kanban workflow *** acano account configuration all, know recently roll new acano system use 59+ last 6 character user’s phone number cospace. order generate cospaces store phone number data “ipphone” field ad. i’ve give adm account modify access field make change / additions request telecom team. you’ll need use attribute editor aduc make changes. attribute editor available advance feature select view menu. also available search user, need browse. acano sign broadview conference bridge terminate september 1st, 2015 new cospace id (conference bridge), use move forward, is: 59+last 6 digits desk phone number example: desk phone 215-328-1235; cospace id – 59281235 join cisco phone office dial cospace id meet go attend. join outside office external participants number (800-531-1693) (215-328-3590) prompt cospace id. video conferencing external participants also possible, please see attach instructions details. please aware that: · need update schedule meet new cospace id. new cospace id.","Acano Account Configuration Acano Account Configuration   Sunday, March 13, 2016 3:32 PM *** Updating for Kanban workflow *** Acano Account Configuration All, As you know we have recently rolled out the new Acano system and we are using 59+ the last 6  characters of a user’s phone number for their Cospace. In order to generate these cospaces we are  storing the phone number data in the “ipPhone” field in AD. I’ve given your ADM account modify  access to this field so you can make changes / additions when they are requested by the telecom  team. You’ll need to use the attribute editor in ADUC to make these changes. The attribute editor is  available when you have Advanced Features selected in the View menu. It is also not available when  you search for a user, you need to browse.       Acano Sign In All Broadview conference bridges have been terminated as of September  1st, 2015 Your new CoSpace ID (conference bridge), which can be used moving  forward, is:  59+Last 6 digits of your desk phone number Example: Desk phone is 215-328-1235; CoSpace ID is – 59281235 To join from a Cisco Phone in an office just dial the CoSpace ID of the  meeting you are going to attend. To join from outside of the office or for external participants the numbers  are (800-531-1693) or (215-328-3590) and you will be prompted for  the CoSpace ID. Video Conferencing with External Participants is also possible, please see  attached instructions for details. Please be aware that: ·         You will need to update all of your scheduled meetings with the  new CoSpace ID.      new CoSpace ID.    ","acano account configuration acano account configuration sunday, march 13, 2016 3:32 pm *** update kanban workflow *** acano account configuration all, know recently roll new acano system use 59+ last 6 character user’s phone number cospace. order generate cospaces store phone number data “ipphone” field ad. i’ve give adm account modify access field make change / additions request telecom team. you’ll need use attribute editor aduc make changes. attribute editor available advance feature select view menu. also available search user, need browse. acano sign broadview conference bridge terminate september 1st, 2015 new cospace id (conference bridge), use move forward, is: 59+last 6 digits desk phone number example: desk phone 215-328-1235; cospace id – 59281235 join cisco phone office dial cospace id meet go attend. join outside office external participants number (800-531-1693) (215-328-3590) prompt cospace id. video conferencing external participants also possible, please see attach instructions details. please aware that: · need update schedule meet new cospace id. new cospace id."
45,Access Bitlocker Recovery Keys," Thursday, January 11, 2018 9:21 AM Berkadia IT has chosen to use Bitlocker as the standard tool for encrypting Windows 10 systems. This  means we must be able to maintain a searchable repository of Recovery Keys to assist our users with  logging into their computers, if the need arises. You’ll want to ensure that the Bitlocker Password Recovery Viewer is enabled on your PC. You can  ensure this option is turned on through Control Panel->Programs->Turn Windows features on or off.  You may  Method 1 – If you know the computer hostname 1. Launch Active Directory Users and Computers     2. Highlight the domain you wish to search in the tree, select Action from the menu bar, then “Find” 3. Find Users, Contacts and Groups window will open. Select “Computers” from the drop-down menu,  enter computer name, then select “Find Now.” 4. Double click on the result displayed     5. Select the “Bitlocker Recovery” Tab, you’ll then see the Recovery Password listed at the bottom in  the “Details” field. Provide this to the user to login, however keep in mind that this should not  simply be written down for future reference due to security concerns.      Method 2 – If you do not know the computer hostname In some cases, you won’t have the computer name because the remote user doesn’t know it  offhand. The user will need to read off the first 8 digits of their “Recovery key ID” from the Bitlocker  screen they are seeing. Once you have this information, you can proceed with the steps below. 1. Launch Active Directory Users and Computers 2. Right click on your domain name, then select “Find Bitlocker Recovery Password”     3. Enter the first 8 characters provided by the user and click “Search.” You will find the Computer  hostname and the Recovery Password in the Details pane at the bottom.         ","[72, 0, 55, 775]","[206, 211]","Access Bitlocker Recovery Keys Access Bitlocker Recovery Keys Access Bitlocker Recovery Keys Access Bitlocker Recovery Keys Access Bitlocker Recovery Keys Access Bitlocker Recovery Keys Access Bitlocker Recovery Keys Access Bitlocker Recovery Keys Access Bitlocker Recovery Keys Access Bitlocker Recovery Keys   Thursday, January 11, 2018 9:21 AM Berkadia IT has chosen to use Bitlocker as the standard tool for encrypting Windows 10 systems. This  means we must be able to maintain a searchable repository of Recovery Keys to assist our users with  logging into their computers, if the need arises. You’ll want to ensure that the Bitlocker Password Recovery Viewer is enabled on your PC. You can  ensure this option is turned on through Control Panel->Programs->Turn Windows features on or off.  You may  Method 1 – If you know the computer hostname 1. Launch Active Directory Users and Computers     2. Highlight the domain you wish to search in the tree, select Action from the menu bar, then “Find” 3. Find Users, Contacts and Groups window will open. Select “Computers” from the drop-down menu,  enter computer name, then select “Find Now.” 4. Double click on the result displayed     5. Select the “Bitlocker Recovery” Tab, you’ll then see the Recovery Password listed at the bottom in  the “Details” field. Provide this to the user to login, however keep in mind that this should not  simply be written down for future reference due to security concerns.      Method 2 – If you do not know the computer hostname In some cases, you won’t have the computer name because the remote user doesn’t know it  offhand. The user will need to read off the first 8 digits of their “Recovery key ID” from the Bitlocker  screen they are seeing. Once you have this information, you can proceed with the steps below. 1. Launch Active Directory Users and Computers 2. Right click on your domain name, then select “Find Bitlocker Recovery Password”     3. Enter the first 8 characters provided by the user and click “Search.” You will find the Computer  hostname and the Recovery Password in the Details pane at the bottom.         ","access bitlocker recovery key access bitlocker recovery key access bitlocker recovery key access bitlocker recovery key access bitlocker recovery key access bitlocker recovery key access bitlocker recovery key access bitlocker recovery key access bitlocker recovery key access bitlocker recovery key thursday, january 11, 2018 9:21 berkadia choose use bitlocker standard tool encrypt windows 10 systems. mean must able maintain searchable repository recovery key assist users log computers, need arises. you’ll want ensure bitlocker password recovery viewer enable pc. ensure option turn control panel->programs->turn windows feature off. may method 1 – know computer hostname 1. launch active directory users computers 2. highlight domain wish search tree, select action menu bar, “find” 3. find users, contact group window open. select “computers” drop-down menu, enter computer name, select “find now.” 4. double click result display 5. select “bitlocker recovery” tab, you’ll see recovery password list bottom “details” field. provide user login, however keep mind simply write future reference due security concerns. method 2 – know computer hostname cases, won’t computer name remote user doesn’t know offhand. user need read first 8 digits “recovery key id” bitlocker screen seeing. information, proceed step below. 1. launch active directory users computers 2. right click domain name, select “find bitlocker recovery password” 3. enter first 8 character provide user click “search.” find computer hostname recovery password detail pane bottom.","Access Bitlocker Recovery Keys Access Bitlocker Recovery Keys   Thursday, January 11, 2018 9:21 AM Berkadia IT has chosen to use Bitlocker as the standard tool for encrypting Windows 10 systems. This  means we must be able to maintain a searchable repository of Recovery Keys to assist our users with  logging into their computers, if the need arises. You’ll want to ensure that the Bitlocker Password Recovery Viewer is enabled on your PC. You can  ensure this option is turned on through Control Panel->Programs->Turn Windows features on or off.  You may  Method 1 – If you know the computer hostname 1. Launch Active Directory Users and Computers     2. Highlight the domain you wish to search in the tree, select Action from the menu bar, then “Find” 3. Find Users, Contacts and Groups window will open. Select “Computers” from the drop-down menu,  enter computer name, then select “Find Now.” 4. Double click on the result displayed     5. Select the “Bitlocker Recovery” Tab, you’ll then see the Recovery Password listed at the bottom in  the “Details” field. Provide this to the user to login, however keep in mind that this should not  simply be written down for future reference due to security concerns.      Method 2 – If you do not know the computer hostname In some cases, you won’t have the computer name because the remote user doesn’t know it  offhand. The user will need to read off the first 8 digits of their “Recovery key ID” from the Bitlocker  screen they are seeing. Once you have this information, you can proceed with the steps below. 1. Launch Active Directory Users and Computers 2. Right click on your domain name, then select “Find Bitlocker Recovery Password”     3. Enter the first 8 characters provided by the user and click “Search.” You will find the Computer  hostname and the Recovery Password in the Details pane at the bottom.         ","access bitlocker recovery key access bitlocker recovery key thursday, january 11, 2018 9:21 berkadia choose use bitlocker standard tool encrypt windows 10 systems. mean must able maintain searchable repository recovery key assist users log computers, need arises. you’ll want ensure bitlocker password recovery viewer enable pc. ensure option turn control panel->programs->turn windows feature off. may method 1 – know computer hostname 1. launch active directory users computers 2. highlight domain wish search tree, select action menu bar, “find” 3. find users, contact group window open. select “computers” drop-down menu, enter computer name, select “find now.” 4. double click result display 5. select “bitlocker recovery” tab, you’ll see recovery password list bottom “details” field. provide user login, however keep mind simply write future reference due security concerns. method 2 – know computer hostname cases, won’t computer name remote user doesn’t know offhand. user need read first 8 digits “recovery key id” bitlocker screen seeing. information, proceed step below. 1. launch active directory users computers 2. right click domain name, select “find bitlocker recovery password” 3. enter first 8 character provide user click “search.” find computer hostname recovery password detail pane bottom."
46,Access Rights in Exchange," giovedì 16 giugno 2016 09:47 The AccessRights parameter specifies the permissions that you want to modify for the user on the  mailbox folder. The values that you specify replace the existing permissions for the user on the  folder. You can specify individual folder permissions or roles, which are combinations of permissions. You  can specify multiple permissions and roles separated by commas. The following individual permissions are available: CreateItems   The user can create items in the specified folder. CreateSubfolders   The user can create subfolders in the specified folder. DeleteAllItems   The user can delete all items in the specified folder. DeleteOwnedItems   The user can only delete items that they created from the specified  folder. EditAllItems   The user can edit all items in the specified folder. EditOwnedItems   The user can only edit items that they created in the specified folder. FolderContact   The user is the contact for the specified public folder. FolderOwner   The user is the owner of the specified folder. The user can view the folder,  move the move the folder, and create subfolders. The user can't read items, edit items, delete  items, or create items. FolderVisible   The user can view the specified folder, but can't read or edit items within the  specified public folder. ReadItems   The user can read items within the specified folder. The roles that are available, along with the permissions that they assign, are described in the  following list: Author   CreateItems, DeleteOwnedItems, EditOwnedItems, FolderVisible, ReadItems Contributor   CreateItems, FolderVisible Editor   CreateItems, DeleteAllItems, DeleteOwnedItems, EditAllItems, EditOwnedItems,  FolderVisible, ReadItems None   FolderVisible NonEditingAuthor   CreateItems, FolderVisible, ReadItems Owner   CreateItems, CreateSubfolders, DeleteAllItems, DeleteOwnedItems, EditAllItems,  EditOwnedItems, FolderContact, FolderOwner, FolderVisible, ReadItems PublishingEditor   CreateItems, CreateSubfolders, DeleteAllItems, DeleteOwnedItems,  EditAllItems, EditOwnedItems, FolderVisible, ReadItems PublishingAuthor   CreateItems, CreateSubfolders, DeleteOwnedItems, EditOwnedItems,  FolderVisible, ReadItems Reviewer   FolderVisible, ReadItems The following roles apply specifically to calendar folders: AvailabilityOnly   View only availability data LimitedDetails   View availability data with subject and location From <https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ff522363(v=exchg.160).aspx>       Enable E-mail Forwarding giovedì 16 giugno 2016 09:58 To enable e-mail forwarding on a mailbox, go to Recipient Configuration<>Mailbox and click on the properties of the mailbox you wish to m odify. Go to the mail flow settings tab  and click on delivery options. Once here, check the box of ""Forward to"" and select the appropriate mailbox.  As a note, You c an only select one e-mail address to forward to at a  time. If a user request requires the e-mail to go to multiple recipients, you can do the following. Create a new mail distribution group that contains the two users and forward to  there.       Enable Dumpster for  Monday, December 10, 2012 2:11 PM How to Enable Dumpster for all Items in Outlook. Ok, Say a customer calls in and says that they accidentally deleted something in Outlook.  There is an easy way to get that e-mail back.   Traditionally, the Recover Deleted Items only work when you highlight the Deleted Items box in Outlook, like below: But, if you enter the following registry key on the client computer: [HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Exchange\Client\Options] ""DumpsterAlwaysOn""=dword:00000001 you can also accomplish the same thing by running the regedit key here:  Then you can use the Recover Deleted Items on all Outlook folders, including the Inbox, Calendar, Contacts, Notes, whatever…see below… By Michael Murphy          ","[55, 4, 72, 775]","[309, 312]","Access Rights in Exchange Access Rights in Exchange Access Rights in Exchange Access Rights in Exchange Access Rights in Exchange Access Rights in Exchange Access Rights in Exchange Access Rights in Exchange Access Rights in Exchange Access Rights in Exchange   giovedì 16 giugno 2016 09:47 The AccessRights parameter specifies the permissions that you want to modify for the user on the  mailbox folder. The values that you specify replace the existing permissions for the user on the  folder. You can specify individual folder permissions or roles, which are combinations of permissions. You  can specify multiple permissions and roles separated by commas. The following individual permissions are available: CreateItems   The user can create items in the specified folder. CreateSubfolders   The user can create subfolders in the specified folder. DeleteAllItems   The user can delete all items in the specified folder. DeleteOwnedItems   The user can only delete items that they created from the specified  folder. EditAllItems   The user can edit all items in the specified folder. EditOwnedItems   The user can only edit items that they created in the specified folder. FolderContact   The user is the contact for the specified public folder. FolderOwner   The user is the owner of the specified folder. The user can view the folder,  move the move the folder, and create subfolders. The user can't read items, edit items, delete  items, or create items. FolderVisible   The user can view the specified folder, but can't read or edit items within the  specified public folder. ReadItems   The user can read items within the specified folder. The roles that are available, along with the permissions that they assign, are described in the  following list: Author   CreateItems, DeleteOwnedItems, EditOwnedItems, FolderVisible, ReadItems Contributor   CreateItems, FolderVisible Editor   CreateItems, DeleteAllItems, DeleteOwnedItems, EditAllItems, EditOwnedItems,  FolderVisible, ReadItems None   FolderVisible NonEditingAuthor   CreateItems, FolderVisible, ReadItems Owner   CreateItems, CreateSubfolders, DeleteAllItems, DeleteOwnedItems, EditAllItems,  EditOwnedItems, FolderContact, FolderOwner, FolderVisible, ReadItems PublishingEditor   CreateItems, CreateSubfolders, DeleteAllItems, DeleteOwnedItems,  EditAllItems, EditOwnedItems, FolderVisible, ReadItems PublishingAuthor   CreateItems, CreateSubfolders, DeleteOwnedItems, EditOwnedItems,  FolderVisible, ReadItems Reviewer   FolderVisible, ReadItems The following roles apply specifically to calendar folders: AvailabilityOnly   View only availability data LimitedDetails   View availability data with subject and location From <https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ff522363(v=exchg.160).aspx>       Enable E-mail Forwarding giovedì 16 giugno 2016 09:58 To enable e-mail forwarding on a mailbox, go to Recipient Configuration<>Mailbox and click on the properties of the mailbox you wish to m odify. Go to the mail flow settings tab  and click on delivery options. Once here, check the box of ""Forward to"" and select the appropriate mailbox.  As a note, You c an only select one e-mail address to forward to at a  time. If a user request requires the e-mail to go to multiple recipients, you can do the following. Create a new mail distribution group that contains the two users and forward to  there.       Enable Dumpster for  Monday, December 10, 2012 2:11 PM How to Enable Dumpster for all Items in Outlook. Ok, Say a customer calls in and says that they accidentally deleted something in Outlook.  There is an easy way to get that e-mail back.   Traditionally, the Recover Deleted Items only work when you highlight the Deleted Items box in Outlook, like below: But, if you enter the following registry key on the client computer: [HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Exchange\Client\Options] ""DumpsterAlwaysOn""=dword:00000001 you can also accomplish the same thing by running the regedit key here:  Then you can use the Recover Deleted Items on all Outlook folders, including the Inbox, Calendar, Contacts, Notes, whatever…see below… By Michael Murphy          ","access right exchange access right exchange access right exchange access right exchange access right exchange access right exchange access right exchange access right exchange access right exchange access right exchange giovedì 16 giugno 2016 09:47 accessrights parameter specify permissions want modify user mailbox folder. value specify replace exist permissions user folder. specify individual folder permissions roles, combinations permissions. specify multiple permissions roles separate commas. follow individual permissions available: createitems user create items specify folder. createsubfolders user create subfolders specify folder. deleteallitems user delete items specify folder. deleteowneditems user delete items create specify folder. editallitems user edit items specify folder. editowneditems user edit items create specify folder. foldercontact user contact specify public folder. folderowner user owner specify folder. user view folder, move move folder, create subfolders. user can't read items, edit items, delete items, create items. foldervisible user view specify folder, can't read edit items within specify public folder. readitems user read items within specify folder. roles available, along permissions assign, describe follow list: author createitems, deleteowneditems, editowneditems, foldervisible, readitems contributor createitems, foldervisible editor createitems, deleteallitems, deleteowneditems, editallitems, editowneditems, foldervisible, readitems none foldervisible noneditingauthor createitems, foldervisible, readitems owner createitems, createsubfolders, deleteallitems, deleteowneditems, editallitems, editowneditems, foldercontact, folderowner, foldervisible, readitems publishingeditor createitems, createsubfolders, deleteallitems, deleteowneditems, editallitems, editowneditems, foldervisible, readitems publishingauthor createitems, createsubfolders, deleteowneditems, editowneditems, foldervisible, readitems reviewer foldervisible, readitems follow roles apply specifically calendar folders: availabilityonly view availability data limiteddetails view availability data subject location <https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ff522363(v=exchg.160).aspx> enable e-mail forward giovedì 16 giugno 2016 09:58 enable e-mail forward mailbox, go recipient configuration<>mailbox click properties mailbox wish odify. go mail flow settings tab click delivery options. here, check box ""forward to"" select appropriate mailbox. note, c select one e-mail address forward time. user request require e-mail go multiple recipients, following. create new mail distribution group contain two users forward there. enable dumpster monday, december 10, 2012 2:11 pm enable dumpster items outlook. ok, say customer call say accidentally delete something outlook. easy way get e-mail back. traditionally, recover delete items work highlight delete items box outlook, like below: but, enter follow registry key client computer: [hkey_local_machine\software\microsoft\exchange\client\options] ""dumpsteralwayson""=dword:00000001 also accomplish thing run regedit key here: use recover delete items outlook folders, include inbox, calendar, contacts, notes, whatever…see below… michael murphy","Access Rights in Exchange Access Rights in Exchange   giovedì 16 giugno 2016 09:47 The AccessRights parameter specifies the permissions that you want to modify for the user on the  mailbox folder. The values that you specify replace the existing permissions for the user on the  folder. You can specify individual folder permissions or roles, which are combinations of permissions. You  can specify multiple permissions and roles separated by commas. The following individual permissions are available: CreateItems   The user can create items in the specified folder. CreateSubfolders   The user can create subfolders in the specified folder. DeleteAllItems   The user can delete all items in the specified folder. DeleteOwnedItems   The user can only delete items that they created from the specified  folder. EditAllItems   The user can edit all items in the specified folder. EditOwnedItems   The user can only edit items that they created in the specified folder. FolderContact   The user is the contact for the specified public folder. FolderOwner   The user is the owner of the specified folder. The user can view the folder,  move the move the folder, and create subfolders. The user can't read items, edit items, delete  items, or create items. FolderVisible   The user can view the specified folder, but can't read or edit items within the  specified public folder. ReadItems   The user can read items within the specified folder. The roles that are available, along with the permissions that they assign, are described in the  following list: Author   CreateItems, DeleteOwnedItems, EditOwnedItems, FolderVisible, ReadItems Contributor   CreateItems, FolderVisible Editor   CreateItems, DeleteAllItems, DeleteOwnedItems, EditAllItems, EditOwnedItems,  FolderVisible, ReadItems None   FolderVisible NonEditingAuthor   CreateItems, FolderVisible, ReadItems Owner   CreateItems, CreateSubfolders, DeleteAllItems, DeleteOwnedItems, EditAllItems,  EditOwnedItems, FolderContact, FolderOwner, FolderVisible, ReadItems PublishingEditor   CreateItems, CreateSubfolders, DeleteAllItems, DeleteOwnedItems,  EditAllItems, EditOwnedItems, FolderVisible, ReadItems PublishingAuthor   CreateItems, CreateSubfolders, DeleteOwnedItems, EditOwnedItems,  FolderVisible, ReadItems Reviewer   FolderVisible, ReadItems The following roles apply specifically to calendar folders: AvailabilityOnly   View only availability data LimitedDetails   View availability data with subject and location From <https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ff522363(v=exchg.160).aspx>       Enable E-mail Forwarding giovedì 16 giugno 2016 09:58 To enable e-mail forwarding on a mailbox, go to Recipient Configuration<>Mailbox and click on the properties of the mailbox you wish to m odify. Go to the mail flow settings tab  and click on delivery options. Once here, check the box of ""Forward to"" and select the appropriate mailbox.  As a note, You c an only select one e-mail address to forward to at a  time. If a user request requires the e-mail to go to multiple recipients, you can do the following. Create a new mail distribution group that contains the two users and forward to  there.       Enable Dumpster for  Monday, December 10, 2012 2:11 PM How to Enable Dumpster for all Items in Outlook. Ok, Say a customer calls in and says that they accidentally deleted something in Outlook.  There is an easy way to get that e-mail back.   Traditionally, the Recover Deleted Items only work when you highlight the Deleted Items box in Outlook, like below: But, if you enter the following registry key on the client computer: [HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Exchange\Client\Options] ""DumpsterAlwaysOn""=dword:00000001 you can also accomplish the same thing by running the regedit key here:  Then you can use the Recover Deleted Items on all Outlook folders, including the Inbox, Calendar, Contacts, Notes, whatever…see below… By Michael Murphy          ","access right exchange access right exchange giovedì 16 giugno 2016 09:47 accessrights parameter specify permissions want modify user mailbox folder. value specify replace exist permissions user folder. specify individual folder permissions roles, combinations permissions. specify multiple permissions roles separate commas. follow individual permissions available: createitems user create items specify folder. createsubfolders user create subfolders specify folder. deleteallitems user delete items specify folder. deleteowneditems user delete items create specify folder. editallitems user edit items specify folder. editowneditems user edit items create specify folder. foldercontact user contact specify public folder. folderowner user owner specify folder. user view folder, move move folder, create subfolders. user can't read items, edit items, delete items, create items. foldervisible user view specify folder, can't read edit items within specify public folder. readitems user read items within specify folder. roles available, along permissions assign, describe follow list: author createitems, deleteowneditems, editowneditems, foldervisible, readitems contributor createitems, foldervisible editor createitems, deleteallitems, deleteowneditems, editallitems, editowneditems, foldervisible, readitems none foldervisible noneditingauthor createitems, foldervisible, readitems owner createitems, createsubfolders, deleteallitems, deleteowneditems, editallitems, editowneditems, foldercontact, folderowner, foldervisible, readitems publishingeditor createitems, createsubfolders, deleteallitems, deleteowneditems, editallitems, editowneditems, foldervisible, readitems publishingauthor createitems, createsubfolders, deleteowneditems, editowneditems, foldervisible, readitems reviewer foldervisible, readitems follow roles apply specifically calendar folders: availabilityonly view availability data limiteddetails view availability data subject location <https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ff522363(v=exchg.160).aspx> enable e-mail forward giovedì 16 giugno 2016 09:58 enable e-mail forward mailbox, go recipient configuration<>mailbox click properties mailbox wish odify. go mail flow settings tab click delivery options. here, check box ""forward to"" select appropriate mailbox. note, c select one e-mail address forward time. user request require e-mail go multiple recipients, following. create new mail distribution group contain two users forward there. enable dumpster monday, december 10, 2012 2:11 pm enable dumpster items outlook. ok, say customer call say accidentally delete something outlook. easy way get e-mail back. traditionally, recover delete items work highlight delete items box outlook, like below: but, enter follow registry key client computer: [hkey_local_machine\software\microsoft\exchange\client\options] ""dumpsteralwayson""=dword:00000001 also accomplish thing run regedit key here: use recover delete items outlook folders, include inbox, calendar, contacts, notes, whatever…see below… michael murphy"
47,Activate AutoFill," Monday, December 10, 2012 2:18 PM HOW TO ACTIVATE THE ""AUTOFILL"" FUNCTION 1. Open Outlook 2. TOOLS | OPTIONS | EMAIL OPTIONS | ADVANCED EMAIL OPTIONS 3. Check if the ""Suggest Names while completing To, Cc and Bcc fields"" is  activate.     ","[72, 0, 522, 779]",[326],"Activate AutoFill Activate AutoFill Activate AutoFill Activate AutoFill Activate AutoFill Activate AutoFill Activate AutoFill Activate AutoFill Activate AutoFill Activate AutoFill   Monday, December 10, 2012 2:18 PM HOW TO ACTIVATE THE ""AUTOFILL"" FUNCTION 1. Open Outlook 2. TOOLS | OPTIONS | EMAIL OPTIONS | ADVANCED EMAIL OPTIONS 3. Check if the ""Suggest Names while completing To, Cc and Bcc fields"" is  activate.     ","activate autofill activate autofill activate autofill activate autofill activate autofill activate autofill activate autofill activate autofill activate autofill activate autofill monday, december 10, 2012 2:18 pm activate ""autofill"" function 1. open outlook 2. tool | options | email options | advance email options 3. check ""suggest name complete to, cc bcc fields"" activate.","Activate AutoFill Activate AutoFill   Monday, December 10, 2012 2:18 PM HOW TO ACTIVATE THE ""AUTOFILL"" FUNCTION 1. Open Outlook 2. TOOLS | OPTIONS | EMAIL OPTIONS | ADVANCED EMAIL OPTIONS 3. Check if the ""Suggest Names while completing To, Cc and Bcc fields"" is  activate.     ","activate autofill activate autofill monday, december 10, 2012 2:18 pm activate ""autofill"" function 1. open outlook 2. tool | options | email options | advance email options 3. check ""suggest name complete to, cc bcc fields"" activate."
48,Active Directory Commands," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 10:48 AM First would be to access Terminal which can be done two different ways. Command + Space bar to bring up finder then type terminal Go> Utilites> Terminal To perform an Group policy update  Adgpupdate","[72, 586, 166, 775]",[650],"Active Directory Commands Active Directory Commands Active Directory Commands Active Directory Commands Active Directory Commands Active Directory Commands Active Directory Commands Active Directory Commands Active Directory Commands Active Directory Commands   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 10:48 AM First would be to access Terminal which can be done two different ways. Command + Space bar to bring up finder then type terminal Go> Utilites> Terminal To perform an Group policy update  Adgpupdate","active directory command active directory command active directory command active directory command active directory command active directory command active directory command active directory command active directory command active directory command tuesday, june 14, 2016 10:48 first would access terminal do two different ways. command + space bar bring finder type terminal go> utilites> terminal perform group policy update adgpupdate","Active Directory Commands Active Directory Commands   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 10:48 AM First would be to access Terminal which can be done two different ways. Command + Space bar to bring up finder then type terminal Go> Utilites> Terminal To perform an Group policy update  Adgpupdate","active directory command active directory command tuesday, june 14, 2016 10:48 first would access terminal do two different ways. command + space bar bring finder type terminal go> utilites> terminal perform group policy update adgpupdate"
49,Active X install for IDM," Tuesday, December 13, 2011 10:26 AM For the users that use the web application call IDM they will require an active x component to  have their signatures appear in the signature field.          ","[72, 0, 72, 779]","[386, 387]","Active X install for IDM Active X install for IDM Active X install for IDM Active X install for IDM Active X install for IDM Active X install for IDM Active X install for IDM Active X install for IDM Active X install for IDM Active X install for IDM   Tuesday, December 13, 2011 10:26 AM For the users that use the web application call IDM they will require an active x component to  have their signatures appear in the signature field.          ","active x install idm active x install idm active x install idm active x install idm active x install idm active x install idm active x install idm active x install idm active x install idm active x install idm tuesday, december 13, 2011 10:26 users use web application call idm require active x component signatures appear signature field.","Active X install for IDM Active X install for IDM   Tuesday, December 13, 2011 10:26 AM For the users that use the web application call IDM they will require an active x component to  have their signatures appear in the signature field.          ","active x install idm active x install idm tuesday, december 13, 2011 10:26 users use web application call idm require active x component signatures appear signature field."
50,ActiveX Settings for ApproveIt & MyHR," Wednesday, October 04, 2017 3:39 PM As of 10/4/2017, these are the known good settings that will allow EPM users to use ApproveIt in IE  and be able to access the new MyHR Time reporting page. First go to Internet Explorer -> Internet Options -> Security tab For BOTH Local intranet and Trusted Sites -> Custom level: If the user is still having blue screen Adobe Flash error, make sure their Adobe Flash (ActiveX) is  installed and on version 24 or higher.         ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[453, 454]","ActiveX Settings for ApproveIt & MyHR ActiveX Settings for ApproveIt & MyHR ActiveX Settings for ApproveIt & MyHR ActiveX Settings for ApproveIt & MyHR ActiveX Settings for ApproveIt & MyHR ActiveX Settings for ApproveIt & MyHR ActiveX Settings for ApproveIt & MyHR ActiveX Settings for ApproveIt & MyHR ActiveX Settings for ApproveIt & MyHR ActiveX Settings for ApproveIt & MyHR   Wednesday, October 04, 2017 3:39 PM As of 10/4/2017, these are the known good settings that will allow EPM users to use ApproveIt in IE  and be able to access the new MyHR Time reporting page. First go to Internet Explorer -> Internet Options -> Security tab For BOTH Local intranet and Trusted Sites -> Custom level: If the user is still having blue screen Adobe Flash error, make sure their Adobe Flash (ActiveX) is  installed and on version 24 or higher.         ","activex settings approveit & myhr activex settings approveit & myhr activex settings approveit & myhr activex settings approveit & myhr activex settings approveit & myhr activex settings approveit & myhr activex settings approveit & myhr activex settings approveit & myhr activex settings approveit & myhr activex settings approveit & myhr wednesday, october 04, 2017 3:39 pm 10/4/2017, know good settings allow epm users use approveit ie able access new myhr time report page. first go internet explorer -> internet options -> security tab local intranet trust sit -> custom level: user still blue screen adobe flash error, make sure adobe flash (activex) instal version 24 higher.","ActiveX Settings for ApproveIt & MyHR ActiveX Settings for ApproveIt & MyHR   Wednesday, October 04, 2017 3:39 PM As of 10/4/2017, these are the known good settings that will allow EPM users to use ApproveIt in IE  and be able to access the new MyHR Time reporting page. First go to Internet Explorer -> Internet Options -> Security tab For BOTH Local intranet and Trusted Sites -> Custom level: If the user is still having blue screen Adobe Flash error, make sure their Adobe Flash (ActiveX) is  installed and on version 24 or higher.         ","activex settings approveit & myhr activex settings approveit & myhr wednesday, october 04, 2017 3:39 pm 10/4/2017, know good settings allow epm users use approveit ie able access new myhr time report page. first go internet explorer -> internet options -> security tab local intranet trust sit -> custom level: user still blue screen adobe flash error, make sure adobe flash (activex) instal version 24 higher."
51,Add User To Security Group," Thursday, December 12, 2013 9:57 AM In order to use Cisco Jabber Client for Windows or Mobile Devices, the user must be added to the  security group. Search for Cisco Jabber Users Double Click the group and go to members. Select Add. Search for users AD account and add them.      Search for users AD account and add them. Select account from the list and click ok. Once the user has been added to the group you may continue with the installation of the software.    ","[72, 0, 72, 779]","[809, 810]","Add User To Security Group Add User To Security Group Add User To Security Group Add User To Security Group Add User To Security Group Add User To Security Group Add User To Security Group Add User To Security Group Add User To Security Group Add User To Security Group   Thursday, December 12, 2013 9:57 AM In order to use Cisco Jabber Client for Windows or Mobile Devices, the user must be added to the  security group. Search for Cisco Jabber Users Double Click the group and go to members. Select Add. Search for users AD account and add them.      Search for users AD account and add them. Select account from the list and click ok. Once the user has been added to the group you may continue with the installation of the software.    ","add user security group add user security group add user security group add user security group add user security group add user security group add user security group add user security group add user security group add user security group thursday, december 12, 2013 9:57 order use cisco jabber client windows mobile devices, user must add security group. search cisco jabber users double click group go members. select add. search users ad account add them. search users ad account add them. select account list click ok. user add group may continue installation software.","Add User To Security Group Add User To Security Group   Thursday, December 12, 2013 9:57 AM In order to use Cisco Jabber Client for Windows or Mobile Devices, the user must be added to the  security group. Search for Cisco Jabber Users Double Click the group and go to members. Select Add. Search for users AD account and add them.      Search for users AD account and add them. Select account from the list and click ok. Once the user has been added to the group you may continue with the installation of the software.    ","add user security group add user security group thursday, december 12, 2013 9:57 order use cisco jabber client windows mobile devices, user must add security group. search cisco jabber users double click group go members. select add. search users ad account add them. search users ad account add them. select account list click ok. user add group may continue installation software."
52,Adding Hidden Mailbox to Outlook:," Friday, September 15, 2017 1:48 PM Both Accounts must be on-prem or in the cloud. The following is from a setup that both users  are in the cloud. 1. Uncheck ""Hide from Exchange address lists"" On-Prem (Make sure the change syncs to  Office365 cloud) 2. Remove Mailbox permissions and re-add the permissions for access to mailbox. (Login to  portal.office.com using ADM creds) 3. 4. 5. Add the mailbox to user under File > Account Settings > Account Settings > Double Click on  Default Account > select More > Avanced > Add > add the mailbox > Apply/Ok > Next > Finish. Close/Reopen Outlook to complete. Re-hide account On-Prem Exchange Console.    ","[72, 0, 256, 775]",[257],"Adding Hidden Mailbox to Outlook: Adding Hidden Mailbox to Outlook: Adding Hidden Mailbox to Outlook: Adding Hidden Mailbox to Outlook: Adding Hidden Mailbox to Outlook: Adding Hidden Mailbox to Outlook: Adding Hidden Mailbox to Outlook: Adding Hidden Mailbox to Outlook: Adding Hidden Mailbox to Outlook: Adding Hidden Mailbox to Outlook:   Friday, September 15, 2017 1:48 PM Both Accounts must be on-prem or in the cloud. The following is from a setup that both users  are in the cloud. 1. Uncheck ""Hide from Exchange address lists"" On-Prem (Make sure the change syncs to  Office365 cloud) 2. Remove Mailbox permissions and re-add the permissions for access to mailbox. (Login to  portal.office.com using ADM creds) 3. 4. 5. Add the mailbox to user under File > Account Settings > Account Settings > Double Click on  Default Account > select More > Avanced > Add > add the mailbox > Apply/Ok > Next > Finish. Close/Reopen Outlook to complete. Re-hide account On-Prem Exchange Console.    ","add hide mailbox outlook: add hide mailbox outlook: add hide mailbox outlook: add hide mailbox outlook: add hide mailbox outlook: add hide mailbox outlook: add hide mailbox outlook: add hide mailbox outlook: add hide mailbox outlook: add hide mailbox outlook: friday, september 15, 2017 1:48 pm account must on-prem cloud. follow setup users cloud. 1. uncheck ""hide exchange address lists"" on-prem (make sure change sync office365 cloud) 2. remove mailbox permissions re-add permissions access mailbox. (login portal.office.com use adm creds) 3. 4. 5. add mailbox user file > account settings > account settings > double click default account > select > avanced > add > add mailbox > apply/ok > next > finish. close/reopen outlook complete. re-hide account on-prem exchange console.","Adding Hidden Mailbox to Outlook: Adding Hidden Mailbox to Outlook:   Friday, September 15, 2017 1:48 PM Both Accounts must be on-prem or in the cloud. The following is from a setup that both users  are in the cloud. 1. Uncheck ""Hide from Exchange address lists"" On-Prem (Make sure the change syncs to  Office365 cloud) 2. Remove Mailbox permissions and re-add the permissions for access to mailbox. (Login to  portal.office.com using ADM creds) 3. 4. 5. Add the mailbox to user under File > Account Settings > Account Settings > Double Click on  Default Account > select More > Avanced > Add > add the mailbox > Apply/Ok > Next > Finish. Close/Reopen Outlook to complete. Re-hide account On-Prem Exchange Console.    ","add hide mailbox outlook: add hide mailbox outlook: friday, september 15, 2017 1:48 pm account must on-prem cloud. follow setup users cloud. 1. uncheck ""hide exchange address lists"" on-prem (make sure change sync office365 cloud) 2. remove mailbox permissions re-add permissions access mailbox. (login portal.office.com use adm creds) 3. 4. 5. add mailbox user file > account settings > account settings > double click default account > select > avanced > add > add mailbox > apply/ok > next > finish. close/reopen outlook complete. re-hide account on-prem exchange console."
53,Adding Users to Xerox Global Favorites," Monday, June 20, 2016 10:52 AM Frequently certain remote offices and individual groups will request adding and removing users to  their Global Favorites list on Xerox units. This allows users to quickly scan item to their email. Access the link below: https://sp13.berkadia.com/it/cs/hd/Xerox%20Printers/Forms/AllItems.aspx Select Xerox Printers on the left hand column, then select the Berkadia Xerox – Final document. Click the IP address link next to each printer, this will open your default browser. See below for an example of the web console page that will open. In the upper right hand corner,  click Login.      You’ll be prompted for login credentials, for the majority of Xerox units the standard username will  be admin and the password will be B3rk@d1a    If password does not work, the Xerox may still have the default password set 1111. Click Address Book, then click Add. Enter First/Last name, this will automatically populate the Display Name field as well. Then enter       Enter First/Last name, this will automatically populate the Display Name field as well. Then enter  email address as shown below. Finally click the Global Favorite icon (this will select email favorite  automatically), then click save.    ","[72, 0, 72, 779]","[1071, 1073]","Adding Users to Xerox Global Favorites Adding Users to Xerox Global Favorites Adding Users to Xerox Global Favorites Adding Users to Xerox Global Favorites Adding Users to Xerox Global Favorites Adding Users to Xerox Global Favorites Adding Users to Xerox Global Favorites Adding Users to Xerox Global Favorites Adding Users to Xerox Global Favorites Adding Users to Xerox Global Favorites   Monday, June 20, 2016 10:52 AM Frequently certain remote offices and individual groups will request adding and removing users to  their Global Favorites list on Xerox units. This allows users to quickly scan item to their email. Access the link below: https://sp13.berkadia.com/it/cs/hd/Xerox%20Printers/Forms/AllItems.aspx Select Xerox Printers on the left hand column, then select the Berkadia Xerox – Final document. Click the IP address link next to each printer, this will open your default browser. See below for an example of the web console page that will open. In the upper right hand corner,  click Login.      You’ll be prompted for login credentials, for the majority of Xerox units the standard username will  be admin and the password will be B3rk@d1a    If password does not work, the Xerox may still have the default password set 1111. Click Address Book, then click Add. Enter First/Last name, this will automatically populate the Display Name field as well. Then enter       Enter First/Last name, this will automatically populate the Display Name field as well. Then enter  email address as shown below. Finally click the Global Favorite icon (this will select email favorite  automatically), then click save.    ","add users xerox global favorites add users xerox global favorites add users xerox global favorites add users xerox global favorites add users xerox global favorites add users xerox global favorites add users xerox global favorites add users xerox global favorites add users xerox global favorites add users xerox global favorites monday, june 20, 2016 10:52 frequently certain remote offices individual group request add remove users global favorites list xerox units. allow users quickly scan item email. access link below: https://sp13.berkadia.com/it/cs/hd/xerox%20printers/forms/allitems.aspx select xerox printers leave hand column, select berkadia xerox – final document. click ip address link next printer, open default browser. see example web console page open. upper right hand corner, click login. you’ll prompt login credentials, majority xerox units standard username admin password b3rk@d1a password work, xerox may still default password set 1111. click address book, click add. enter first/last name, automatically populate display name field well. enter enter first/last name, automatically populate display name field well. enter email address show below. finally click global favorite icon (this select email favorite automatically), click save.","Adding Users to Xerox Global Favorites Adding Users to Xerox Global Favorites   Monday, June 20, 2016 10:52 AM Frequently certain remote offices and individual groups will request adding and removing users to  their Global Favorites list on Xerox units. This allows users to quickly scan item to their email. Access the link below: https://sp13.berkadia.com/it/cs/hd/Xerox%20Printers/Forms/AllItems.aspx Select Xerox Printers on the left hand column, then select the Berkadia Xerox – Final document. Click the IP address link next to each printer, this will open your default browser. See below for an example of the web console page that will open. In the upper right hand corner,  click Login.      You’ll be prompted for login credentials, for the majority of Xerox units the standard username will  be admin and the password will be B3rk@d1a    If password does not work, the Xerox may still have the default password set 1111. Click Address Book, then click Add. Enter First/Last name, this will automatically populate the Display Name field as well. Then enter       Enter First/Last name, this will automatically populate the Display Name field as well. Then enter  email address as shown below. Finally click the Global Favorite icon (this will select email favorite  automatically), then click save.    ","add users xerox global favorites add users xerox global favorites monday, june 20, 2016 10:52 frequently certain remote offices individual group request add remove users global favorites list xerox units. allow users quickly scan item email. access link below: https://sp13.berkadia.com/it/cs/hd/xerox%20printers/forms/allitems.aspx select xerox printers leave hand column, select berkadia xerox – final document. click ip address link next printer, open default browser. see example web console page open. upper right hand corner, click login. you’ll prompt login credentials, majority xerox units standard username admin password b3rk@d1a password work, xerox may still default password set 1111. click address book, click add. enter first/last name, automatically populate display name field well. enter enter first/last name, automatically populate display name field well. enter email address show below. finally click global favorite icon (this select email favorite automatically), click save."
54,Adding an Authorized preboot user," Wednesday, January 11, 2017 11:33 AM Adding a new user as an authorized preboot user. Select the Authorized Preboot Users tab, type the  name of the computer, click add, type the name of the user, click ok Please remember to save your changes After you add the “Authorized Preboot User” to a computer, please log into that computer and right  click on the checkpoint icon (gold lock) in the system tray. Select Display overview      click on the checkpoint icon (gold lock) in the system tray. Select Display overview Click on the update now button.  This server is located in Pennsylvania, the farther away you are from the server, the longer it will  take to update the changes on the client computer.     ","[56, 4, 56, 782]","[120, 121]","Adding an Authorized preboot user Adding an Authorized preboot user Adding an Authorized preboot user Adding an Authorized preboot user Adding an Authorized preboot user Adding an Authorized preboot user Adding an Authorized preboot user Adding an Authorized preboot user Adding an Authorized preboot user Adding an Authorized preboot user   Wednesday, January 11, 2017 11:33 AM Adding a new user as an authorized preboot user. Select the Authorized Preboot Users tab, type the  name of the computer, click add, type the name of the user, click ok Please remember to save your changes After you add the “Authorized Preboot User” to a computer, please log into that computer and right  click on the checkpoint icon (gold lock) in the system tray. Select Display overview      click on the checkpoint icon (gold lock) in the system tray. Select Display overview Click on the update now button.  This server is located in Pennsylvania, the farther away you are from the server, the longer it will  take to update the changes on the client computer.     ","add authorize preboot user add authorize preboot user add authorize preboot user add authorize preboot user add authorize preboot user add authorize preboot user add authorize preboot user add authorize preboot user add authorize preboot user add authorize preboot user wednesday, january 11, 2017 11:33 add new user authorize preboot user. select authorize preboot users tab, type name computer, click add, type name user, click ok please remember save change add “authorized preboot user” computer, please log computer right click checkpoint icon (gold lock) system tray. select display overview click checkpoint icon (gold lock) system tray. select display overview click update button. server locate pennsylvania, farther away server, longer take update change client computer.","Adding an Authorized preboot user Adding an Authorized preboot user   Wednesday, January 11, 2017 11:33 AM Adding a new user as an authorized preboot user. Select the Authorized Preboot Users tab, type the  name of the computer, click add, type the name of the user, click ok Please remember to save your changes After you add the “Authorized Preboot User” to a computer, please log into that computer and right  click on the checkpoint icon (gold lock) in the system tray. Select Display overview      click on the checkpoint icon (gold lock) in the system tray. Select Display overview Click on the update now button.  This server is located in Pennsylvania, the farther away you are from the server, the longer it will  take to update the changes on the client computer.     ","add authorize preboot user add authorize preboot user wednesday, january 11, 2017 11:33 add new user authorize preboot user. select authorize preboot users tab, type name computer, click add, type name user, click ok please remember save change add “authorized preboot user” computer, please log computer right click checkpoint icon (gold lock) system tray. select display overview click checkpoint icon (gold lock) system tray. select display overview click update button. server locate pennsylvania, farther away server, longer take update change client computer."
55,Additional Property Photos," Thursday, June 21, 2018 8:01 AM Conference Room: Conference Room Closet:      ""Hub"" area:       Currently Unused Workstations: Suite Entrance 1: co      Suite Entrance 2: Suite Entrance 3:      Vacant Reception Desk: Office Hallway 1:      Office Hallway 2:  Vacant Former HUD Office 1:      Vacant Former HUD Office 2:      Meeting Room - Saturn  Wednesday, July 18, 2018 7:22 PM In Saturn Meeting room we have SAMSUNG Television, CISCO VC Device, HITACHI Projector and a Thin Client along  with the Wireless Keyboard and a Mouse.  Aseer Samsung Television  Cisco VC Device  Hitachi Projector  Rear View       Thin Client rear view  Wireless Keyboard and Mouse  Projector Video Output from the Table and the Input cable is open for users choice       Projector Video Cable  TV Display Cable  Ethernet cable for Laptop users       We have 2 Ethernet cables running from the Table to CISCO VC Device and Thin Client.  Rear View of Cisco VC Device     ","[61, 2, 72, 775]","[1037, 1047]","Additional Property Photos Additional Property Photos Additional Property Photos Additional Property Photos Additional Property Photos Additional Property Photos Additional Property Photos Additional Property Photos Additional Property Photos Additional Property Photos   Thursday, June 21, 2018 8:01 AM Conference Room: Conference Room Closet:      ""Hub"" area:       Currently Unused Workstations: Suite Entrance 1: co      Suite Entrance 2: Suite Entrance 3:      Vacant Reception Desk: Office Hallway 1:      Office Hallway 2:  Vacant Former HUD Office 1:      Vacant Former HUD Office 2:      Meeting Room - Saturn  Wednesday, July 18, 2018 7:22 PM In Saturn Meeting room we have SAMSUNG Television, CISCO VC Device, HITACHI Projector and a Thin Client along  with the Wireless Keyboard and a Mouse.  Aseer Samsung Television  Cisco VC Device  Hitachi Projector  Rear View       Thin Client rear view  Wireless Keyboard and Mouse  Projector Video Output from the Table and the Input cable is open for users choice       Projector Video Cable  TV Display Cable  Ethernet cable for Laptop users       We have 2 Ethernet cables running from the Table to CISCO VC Device and Thin Client.  Rear View of Cisco VC Device     ","additional property photos additional property photos additional property photos additional property photos additional property photos additional property photos additional property photos additional property photos additional property photos additional property photos thursday, june 21, 2018 8:01 conference room: conference room closet: ""hub"" area: currently unused workstations: suite entrance 1: co suite entrance 2: suite entrance 3: vacant reception desk: office hallway 1: office hallway 2: vacant former hud office 1: vacant former hud office 2: meet room - saturn wednesday, july 18, 2018 7:22 pm saturn meet room samsung television, cisco vc device, hitachi projector thin client along wireless keyboard mouse. aseer samsung television cisco vc device hitachi projector rear view thin client rear view wireless keyboard mouse projector video output table input cable open users choice projector video cable tv display cable ethernet cable laptop users 2 ethernet cable run table cisco vc device thin client. rear view cisco vc device","Additional Property Photos Additional Property Photos   Thursday, June 21, 2018 8:01 AM Conference Room: Conference Room Closet:      ""Hub"" area:       Currently Unused Workstations: Suite Entrance 1: co      Suite Entrance 2: Suite Entrance 3:      Vacant Reception Desk: Office Hallway 1:      Office Hallway 2:  Vacant Former HUD Office 1:      Vacant Former HUD Office 2:      Meeting Room - Saturn  Wednesday, July 18, 2018 7:22 PM In Saturn Meeting room we have SAMSUNG Television, CISCO VC Device, HITACHI Projector and a Thin Client along  with the Wireless Keyboard and a Mouse.  Aseer Samsung Television  Cisco VC Device  Hitachi Projector  Rear View       Thin Client rear view  Wireless Keyboard and Mouse  Projector Video Output from the Table and the Input cable is open for users choice       Projector Video Cable  TV Display Cable  Ethernet cable for Laptop users       We have 2 Ethernet cables running from the Table to CISCO VC Device and Thin Client.  Rear View of Cisco VC Device     ","additional property photos additional property photos thursday, june 21, 2018 8:01 conference room: conference room closet: ""hub"" area: currently unused workstations: suite entrance 1: co suite entrance 2: suite entrance 3: vacant reception desk: office hallway 1: office hallway 2: vacant former hud office 1: vacant former hud office 2: meet room - saturn wednesday, july 18, 2018 7:22 pm saturn meet room samsung television, cisco vc device, hitachi projector thin client along wireless keyboard mouse. aseer samsung television cisco vc device hitachi projector rear view thin client rear view wireless keyboard mouse projector video output table input cable open users choice projector video cable tv display cable ethernet cable laptop users 2 ethernet cable run table cisco vc device thin client. rear view cisco vc device"
56,Addon Issues Cont," Tuesday, May 05, 2015 6:34 PM See this Link  https://militarycac.com/files/Fix_-_ApproveIt_tab_not_available_in_MS_Word_2007.pdf Or file below You will have to alter the paths for each office program.  example: if it says to go to the Word  directory in the registry just go to the Excel directory instead. Fix_-_Appr oveIt_tab...    ","[72, 0, 165, 779]",[396],"Addon Issues Cont Addon Issues Cont Addon Issues Cont Addon Issues Cont Addon Issues Cont Addon Issues Cont Addon Issues Cont Addon Issues Cont Addon Issues Cont Addon Issues Cont   Tuesday, May 05, 2015 6:34 PM See this Link  https://militarycac.com/files/Fix_-_ApproveIt_tab_not_available_in_MS_Word_2007.pdf Or file below You will have to alter the paths for each office program.  example: if it says to go to the Word  directory in the registry just go to the Excel directory instead. Fix_-_Appr oveIt_tab...    ","addon issue cont addon issue cont addon issue cont addon issue cont addon issue cont addon issue cont addon issue cont addon issue cont addon issue cont addon issue cont tuesday, may 05, 2015 6:34 pm see link https://militarycac.com/files/fix_-_approveit_tab_not_available_in_ms_word_2007.pdf file alter paths office program. example: say go word directory registry go excel directory instead. fix_-_appr oveit_tab...","Addon Issues Cont Addon Issues Cont   Tuesday, May 05, 2015 6:34 PM See this Link  https://militarycac.com/files/Fix_-_ApproveIt_tab_not_available_in_MS_Word_2007.pdf Or file below You will have to alter the paths for each office program.  example: if it says to go to the Word  directory in the registry just go to the Excel directory instead. Fix_-_Appr oveIt_tab...    ","addon issue cont addon issue cont tuesday, may 05, 2015 6:34 pm see link https://militarycac.com/files/fix_-_approveit_tab_not_available_in_ms_word_2007.pdf file alter paths office program. example: say go word directory registry go excel directory instead. fix_-_appr oveit_tab..."
57,Adjusting Proxy settings ," ---------------------------------------------------------------------- (this should only be used for testing and should be reverted back immediately  afterwards) Open the “Start” menu,  select “Control Panel”. Select the “View By”       Select the “View By”  and choose “Small  Icons”. Select “Internet  Options”. When the “Internet       When the “Internet  Options” window  opens, select the  “Connections” tab at  the top of the window. Select the “LAN  Settings” button.     Internet Explorer Page 459     Uncheck the blue  circled box, “Use   Uncheck the blue  circled box, “Use  Automatic  Configuration Script”. Then select the “Use a  proxy server for your  LAN…” box. In the “Address:” bar,  insert: Proxy.gmaccm.com Ensure the “Port” bar  shows: 80 Following this, click “OK” on all boxes and attempt to use the site again. This should resolve the issue  temporarily. ----------------------------------------------------------------------","[64, 163, 64, 515]","[456, 459]","Adjusting Proxy settings  Adjusting Proxy settings  Adjusting Proxy settings  Adjusting Proxy settings  Adjusting Proxy settings  Adjusting Proxy settings  Adjusting Proxy settings  Adjusting Proxy settings  Adjusting Proxy settings  Adjusting Proxy settings    ---------------------------------------------------------------------- (this should only be used for testing and should be reverted back immediately  afterwards) Open the “Start” menu,  select “Control Panel”. Select the “View By”       Select the “View By”  and choose “Small  Icons”. Select “Internet  Options”. When the “Internet       When the “Internet  Options” window  opens, select the  “Connections” tab at  the top of the window. Select the “LAN  Settings” button.     Internet Explorer Page 459     Uncheck the blue  circled box, “Use   Uncheck the blue  circled box, “Use  Automatic  Configuration Script”. Then select the “Use a  proxy server for your  LAN…” box. In the “Address:” bar,  insert: Proxy.gmaccm.com Ensure the “Port” bar  shows: 80 Following this, click “OK” on all boxes and attempt to use the site again. This should resolve the issue  temporarily. ----------------------------------------------------------------------","adjust proxy settings adjust proxy settings adjust proxy settings adjust proxy settings adjust proxy settings adjust proxy settings adjust proxy settings adjust proxy settings adjust proxy settings adjust proxy settings ---------------------------------------------------------------------- (this use test revert back immediately afterwards) open “start” menu, select “control panel”. select “view by” select “view by” choose “small icons”. select “internet options”. “internet “internet options” window opens, select “connections” tab top window. select “lan settings” button. internet explorer page 459 uncheck blue circle box, “use uncheck blue circle box, “use automatic configuration script”. select “use proxy server lan…” box. “address:” bar, insert: proxy.gmaccm.com ensure “port” bar shows: 80 follow this, click “ok” box attempt use site again. resolve issue temporarily. ----------------------------------------------------------------------","Adjusting Proxy settings  Adjusting Proxy settings    ---------------------------------------------------------------------- (this should only be used for testing and should be reverted back immediately  afterwards) Open the “Start” menu,  select “Control Panel”. Select the “View By”       Select the “View By”  and choose “Small  Icons”. Select “Internet  Options”. When the “Internet       When the “Internet  Options” window  opens, select the  “Connections” tab at  the top of the window. Select the “LAN  Settings” button.     Internet Explorer Page 459     Uncheck the blue  circled box, “Use   Uncheck the blue  circled box, “Use  Automatic  Configuration Script”. Then select the “Use a  proxy server for your  LAN…” box. In the “Address:” bar,  insert: Proxy.gmaccm.com Ensure the “Port” bar  shows: 80 Following this, click “OK” on all boxes and attempt to use the site again. This should resolve the issue  temporarily. ----------------------------------------------------------------------","adjust proxy settings adjust proxy settings ---------------------------------------------------------------------- (this use test revert back immediately afterwards) open “start” menu, select “control panel”. select “view by” select “view by” choose “small icons”. select “internet options”. “internet “internet options” window opens, select “connections” tab top window. select “lan settings” button. internet explorer page 459 uncheck blue circle box, “use uncheck blue circle box, “use automatic configuration script”. select “use proxy server lan…” box. “address:” bar, insert: proxy.gmaccm.com ensure “port” bar shows: 80 follow this, click “ok” box attempt use site again. resolve issue temporarily. ----------------------------------------------------------------------"
58,Adobe - License & Installation Steps," Thursday, December 07, 2017 2:23 PM 1) 2) If contacted via phone - enter a ticket into Incident Monitor about the request to install Adobe  Acrobat DC Pro. If emailed ticket comes to Help Desk queue, assign the ticket to yourself and  categorize it as ""Berkadia Desktop Support"" -> ""Software Installation"" -> ""Adobe Acrobat  Standard/Pro"" Email purchasing@berkadia.com with the request.  Helpful items - Please include software title in the subject line. Example: ""Adobe Acrobat Pro DC License"",  ""Adobe Creative Cloud License"", ""Adobe InCopy License"" In the body of the message, please include the user requesting, the user's manager in Active  Directory, and the Cost Center the license should be billed against.  Example email: 3) 4) 5) 6) Send the email to purchasing. Update your ticket that you have contacted Purchasing. Once purchasing has replied that it has been requested, they will usually include a  Request/Requisition number. Please update your ticket with the request/requisition number  and then escalate the request to Desktop Engineering team (""Escalate to Installs Team"" inside  Incident Monitor). Once Desktop Engineering has heard from Purchasing that the request was approved, Desktop  Engineering will advertise the software inside SCCM and issue an Adobe license to the user via  their email address. Desktop Engineering will send an email to the user on next steps (accept  license, launch software, sign in). Desktop Engineer will close the escalated ticket.  Help Desk team will verify software is installed and user has signed into software successfully  before closing ticket.  Adobe Template -      Assigned computer(s) for software deployment and established a license. Next steps:  Look out for an email from Adobe Incorporated saying Berkadia has authorized you for your Adobe  product. You will need to click on the “Get Started” in the Adobe welcome email that was sent to  you. It will prompt you to create a password for your Adobe account (ex: full.email@berkadia.com).  Once you set a password, it will load the Adobe services page. You can close this web browser tab  now.  You will launch the Adobe software, it will then ask you to sign in. Click sign in now, enter your full  email as your username and the password you created for the Adobe account, then click Sign In, and  it will license the product. You can click Skip on the page asking for your mobile number.  If there are any issues or concerns, please reach out to me over Skype/Email or contact the Help  Desk at 4357. Your computer should have installed the latest Adobe Acrobat Pro but if it still shows  “Reader” let me know and I will remote in and get Acrobat installed. Thank you!    ","[68, 0, 68, 777]","[468, 469]","Adobe - License & Installation Steps Adobe - License & Installation Steps Adobe - License & Installation Steps Adobe - License & Installation Steps Adobe - License & Installation Steps Adobe - License & Installation Steps Adobe - License & Installation Steps Adobe - License & Installation Steps Adobe - License & Installation Steps Adobe - License & Installation Steps   Thursday, December 07, 2017 2:23 PM 1) 2) If contacted via phone - enter a ticket into Incident Monitor about the request to install Adobe  Acrobat DC Pro. If emailed ticket comes to Help Desk queue, assign the ticket to yourself and  categorize it as ""Berkadia Desktop Support"" -> ""Software Installation"" -> ""Adobe Acrobat  Standard/Pro"" Email purchasing@berkadia.com with the request.  Helpful items - Please include software title in the subject line. Example: ""Adobe Acrobat Pro DC License"",  ""Adobe Creative Cloud License"", ""Adobe InCopy License"" In the body of the message, please include the user requesting, the user's manager in Active  Directory, and the Cost Center the license should be billed against.  Example email: 3) 4) 5) 6) Send the email to purchasing. Update your ticket that you have contacted Purchasing. Once purchasing has replied that it has been requested, they will usually include a  Request/Requisition number. Please update your ticket with the request/requisition number  and then escalate the request to Desktop Engineering team (""Escalate to Installs Team"" inside  Incident Monitor). Once Desktop Engineering has heard from Purchasing that the request was approved, Desktop  Engineering will advertise the software inside SCCM and issue an Adobe license to the user via  their email address. Desktop Engineering will send an email to the user on next steps (accept  license, launch software, sign in). Desktop Engineer will close the escalated ticket.  Help Desk team will verify software is installed and user has signed into software successfully  before closing ticket.  Adobe Template -      Assigned computer(s) for software deployment and established a license. Next steps:  Look out for an email from Adobe Incorporated saying Berkadia has authorized you for your Adobe  product. You will need to click on the “Get Started” in the Adobe welcome email that was sent to  you. It will prompt you to create a password for your Adobe account (ex: full.email@berkadia.com).  Once you set a password, it will load the Adobe services page. You can close this web browser tab  now.  You will launch the Adobe software, it will then ask you to sign in. Click sign in now, enter your full  email as your username and the password you created for the Adobe account, then click Sign In, and  it will license the product. You can click Skip on the page asking for your mobile number.  If there are any issues or concerns, please reach out to me over Skype/Email or contact the Help  Desk at 4357. Your computer should have installed the latest Adobe Acrobat Pro but if it still shows  “Reader” let me know and I will remote in and get Acrobat installed. Thank you!    ","adobe - license & installation step adobe - license & installation step adobe - license & installation step adobe - license & installation step adobe - license & installation step adobe - license & installation step adobe - license & installation step adobe - license & installation step adobe - license & installation step adobe - license & installation step thursday, december 07, 2017 2:23 pm 1) 2) contact via phone - enter ticket incident monitor request install adobe acrobat dc pro. email ticket come help desk queue, assign ticket categorize ""berkadia desktop support"" -> ""software installation"" -> ""adobe acrobat standard/pro"" email purchasing@berkadia.com request. helpful items - please include software title subject line. example: ""adobe acrobat pro dc license"", ""adobe creative cloud license"", ""adobe incopy license"" body message, please include user requesting, user's manager active directory, cost center license bill against. example email: 3) 4) 5) 6) send email purchasing. update ticket contact purchasing. purchase reply requested, usually include request/requisition number. please update ticket request/requisition number escalate request desktop engineer team (""escalate install team"" inside incident monitor). desktop engineer hear purchase request approved, desktop engineer advertise software inside sccm issue adobe license user via email address. desktop engineer send email user next step (accept license, launch software, sign in). desktop engineer close escalate ticket. help desk team verify software instal user sign software successfully close ticket. adobe template - assign computer(s) software deployment establish license. next steps: look email adobe incorporate say berkadia authorize adobe product. need click “get started” adobe welcome email send you. prompt create password adobe account (ex: full.email@berkadia.com). set password, load adobe service page. close web browser tab now. launch adobe software, ask sign in. click sign now, enter full email username password create adobe account, click sign in, license product. click skip page ask mobile number. issue concerns, please reach skype/email contact help desk 4357. computer instal latest adobe acrobat pro still show “reader” let know remote get acrobat installed. thank you!","Adobe - License & Installation Steps Adobe - License & Installation Steps   Thursday, December 07, 2017 2:23 PM 1) 2) If contacted via phone - enter a ticket into Incident Monitor about the request to install Adobe  Acrobat DC Pro. If emailed ticket comes to Help Desk queue, assign the ticket to yourself and  categorize it as ""Berkadia Desktop Support"" -> ""Software Installation"" -> ""Adobe Acrobat  Standard/Pro"" Email purchasing@berkadia.com with the request.  Helpful items - Please include software title in the subject line. Example: ""Adobe Acrobat Pro DC License"",  ""Adobe Creative Cloud License"", ""Adobe InCopy License"" In the body of the message, please include the user requesting, the user's manager in Active  Directory, and the Cost Center the license should be billed against.  Example email: 3) 4) 5) 6) Send the email to purchasing. Update your ticket that you have contacted Purchasing. Once purchasing has replied that it has been requested, they will usually include a  Request/Requisition number. Please update your ticket with the request/requisition number  and then escalate the request to Desktop Engineering team (""Escalate to Installs Team"" inside  Incident Monitor). Once Desktop Engineering has heard from Purchasing that the request was approved, Desktop  Engineering will advertise the software inside SCCM and issue an Adobe license to the user via  their email address. Desktop Engineering will send an email to the user on next steps (accept  license, launch software, sign in). Desktop Engineer will close the escalated ticket.  Help Desk team will verify software is installed and user has signed into software successfully  before closing ticket.  Adobe Template -      Assigned computer(s) for software deployment and established a license. Next steps:  Look out for an email from Adobe Incorporated saying Berkadia has authorized you for your Adobe  product. You will need to click on the “Get Started” in the Adobe welcome email that was sent to  you. It will prompt you to create a password for your Adobe account (ex: full.email@berkadia.com).  Once you set a password, it will load the Adobe services page. You can close this web browser tab  now.  You will launch the Adobe software, it will then ask you to sign in. Click sign in now, enter your full  email as your username and the password you created for the Adobe account, then click Sign In, and  it will license the product. You can click Skip on the page asking for your mobile number.  If there are any issues or concerns, please reach out to me over Skype/Email or contact the Help  Desk at 4357. Your computer should have installed the latest Adobe Acrobat Pro but if it still shows  “Reader” let me know and I will remote in and get Acrobat installed. Thank you!    ","adobe - license & installation step adobe - license & installation step thursday, december 07, 2017 2:23 pm 1) 2) contact via phone - enter ticket incident monitor request install adobe acrobat dc pro. email ticket come help desk queue, assign ticket categorize ""berkadia desktop support"" -> ""software installation"" -> ""adobe acrobat standard/pro"" email purchasing@berkadia.com request. helpful items - please include software title subject line. example: ""adobe acrobat pro dc license"", ""adobe creative cloud license"", ""adobe incopy license"" body message, please include user requesting, user's manager active directory, cost center license bill against. example email: 3) 4) 5) 6) send email purchasing. update ticket contact purchasing. purchase reply requested, usually include request/requisition number. please update ticket request/requisition number escalate request desktop engineer team (""escalate install team"" inside incident monitor). desktop engineer hear purchase request approved, desktop engineer advertise software inside sccm issue adobe license user via email address. desktop engineer send email user next step (accept license, launch software, sign in). desktop engineer close escalate ticket. help desk team verify software instal user sign software successfully close ticket. adobe template - assign computer(s) software deployment establish license. next steps: look email adobe incorporate say berkadia authorize adobe product. need click “get started” adobe welcome email send you. prompt create password adobe account (ex: full.email@berkadia.com). set password, load adobe service page. close web browser tab now. launch adobe software, ask sign in. click sign now, enter full email username password create adobe account, click sign in, license product. click skip page ask mobile number. issue concerns, please reach skype/email contact help desk 4357. computer instal latest adobe acrobat pro still show “reader” let know remote get acrobat installed. thank you!"
59,Adrienne Barr," Sunday, June 26, 2016 6:48 PM 1 x Asus 16:9 monitor 1 x Emprex 4:3 square monitor 1 x Dell Vostro desktop Dell USB keyboard & mouse Logitech speakers Cisco 7965 phone              ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[979, 981]","Adrienne Barr Adrienne Barr Adrienne Barr Adrienne Barr Adrienne Barr Adrienne Barr Adrienne Barr Adrienne Barr Adrienne Barr Adrienne Barr   Sunday, June 26, 2016 6:48 PM 1 x Asus 16:9 monitor 1 x Emprex 4:3 square monitor 1 x Dell Vostro desktop Dell USB keyboard & mouse Logitech speakers Cisco 7965 phone              ","adrienne barr adrienne barr adrienne barr adrienne barr adrienne barr adrienne barr adrienne barr adrienne barr adrienne barr adrienne barr sunday, june 26, 2016 6:48 pm 1 x asus 16:9 monitor 1 x emprex 4:3 square monitor 1 x dell vostro desktop dell usb keyboard & mouse logitech speakers cisco 7965 phone","Adrienne Barr Adrienne Barr   Sunday, June 26, 2016 6:48 PM 1 x Asus 16:9 monitor 1 x Emprex 4:3 square monitor 1 x Dell Vostro desktop Dell USB keyboard & mouse Logitech speakers Cisco 7965 phone              ","adrienne barr adrienne barr sunday, june 26, 2016 6:48 pm 1 x asus 16:9 monitor 1 x emprex 4:3 square monitor 1 x dell vostro desktop dell usb keyboard & mouse logitech speakers cisco 7965 phone"
60,Allen Freedman," Sunday, June 26, 2016 5:36 PM 2 x HP Compaq LA2205wg monitors 1 x HP Ultraslim docking station 1 x HP 9480m laptop Logitech cordless desktop pro ergonomic keyboard Logitech wired trackball AmazonBasics speakers Plantronics CS55 headset Cisco 7975 phone         ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[970, 971]","Allen Freedman Allen Freedman Allen Freedman Allen Freedman Allen Freedman Allen Freedman Allen Freedman Allen Freedman Allen Freedman Allen Freedman   Sunday, June 26, 2016 5:36 PM 2 x HP Compaq LA2205wg monitors 1 x HP Ultraslim docking station 1 x HP 9480m laptop Logitech cordless desktop pro ergonomic keyboard Logitech wired trackball AmazonBasics speakers Plantronics CS55 headset Cisco 7975 phone         ","allen freedman allen freedman allen freedman allen freedman allen freedman allen freedman allen freedman allen freedman allen freedman allen freedman sunday, june 26, 2016 5:36 pm 2 x hp compaq la2205wg monitor 1 x hp ultraslim dock station 1 x hp 9480m laptop logitech cordless desktop pro ergonomic keyboard logitech wire trackball amazonbasics speakers plantronics cs55 headset cisco 7975 phone","Allen Freedman Allen Freedman   Sunday, June 26, 2016 5:36 PM 2 x HP Compaq LA2205wg monitors 1 x HP Ultraslim docking station 1 x HP 9480m laptop Logitech cordless desktop pro ergonomic keyboard Logitech wired trackball AmazonBasics speakers Plantronics CS55 headset Cisco 7975 phone         ","allen freedman allen freedman sunday, june 26, 2016 5:36 pm 2 x hp compaq la2205wg monitor 1 x hp ultraslim dock station 1 x hp 9480m laptop logitech cordless desktop pro ergonomic keyboard logitech wire trackball amazonbasics speakers plantronics cs55 headset cisco 7975 phone"
61,Ambler Loaner Surface Inventory," Monday, January 29, 2018 3:55 PM S/N Name Model User Assigned To Date Sent Tech that Shipped PAAMBSURFLOAN01 Pro 5 Build Room PAAMBSURFLOAN02 Book 2 Build Room 6/15/18 6/28/18 PAAMBSURFLOAN03 Pro 5 Justin Wheeler 02/16/18 PAAMBSURFLOAN04 Book 2 PAAMBSURFLOAN05 Pro 5 Foley Atlanta 4/25/18 6/6 Tim Tim Matt PAAMBSURFLOAN06 Book 2 Build Room PAAMBSURFLOAN07 Pro 5 Build Room PAAMBSURFLOAN08 Book 2 Build Room    ","[72, 0, 178, 775]",[1128],"Ambler Loaner Surface Inventory Ambler Loaner Surface Inventory Ambler Loaner Surface Inventory Ambler Loaner Surface Inventory Ambler Loaner Surface Inventory Ambler Loaner Surface Inventory Ambler Loaner Surface Inventory Ambler Loaner Surface Inventory Ambler Loaner Surface Inventory Ambler Loaner Surface Inventory   Monday, January 29, 2018 3:55 PM S/N Name Model User Assigned To Date Sent Tech that Shipped PAAMBSURFLOAN01 Pro 5 Build Room PAAMBSURFLOAN02 Book 2 Build Room 6/15/18 6/28/18 PAAMBSURFLOAN03 Pro 5 Justin Wheeler 02/16/18 PAAMBSURFLOAN04 Book 2 PAAMBSURFLOAN05 Pro 5 Foley Atlanta 4/25/18 6/6 Tim Tim Matt PAAMBSURFLOAN06 Book 2 Build Room PAAMBSURFLOAN07 Pro 5 Build Room PAAMBSURFLOAN08 Book 2 Build Room    ","ambler loaner surface inventory ambler loaner surface inventory ambler loaner surface inventory ambler loaner surface inventory ambler loaner surface inventory ambler loaner surface inventory ambler loaner surface inventory ambler loaner surface inventory ambler loaner surface inventory ambler loaner surface inventory monday, january 29, 2018 3:55 pm s/n name model user assign date send tech ship paambsurfloan01 pro 5 build room paambsurfloan02 book 2 build room 6/15/18 6/28/18 paambsurfloan03 pro 5 justin wheeler 02/16/18 paambsurfloan04 book 2 paambsurfloan05 pro 5 foley atlanta 4/25/18 6/6 tim tim matt paambsurfloan06 book 2 build room paambsurfloan07 pro 5 build room paambsurfloan08 book 2 build room","Ambler Loaner Surface Inventory Ambler Loaner Surface Inventory   Monday, January 29, 2018 3:55 PM S/N Name Model User Assigned To Date Sent Tech that Shipped PAAMBSURFLOAN01 Pro 5 Build Room PAAMBSURFLOAN02 Book 2 Build Room 6/15/18 6/28/18 PAAMBSURFLOAN03 Pro 5 Justin Wheeler 02/16/18 PAAMBSURFLOAN04 Book 2 PAAMBSURFLOAN05 Pro 5 Foley Atlanta 4/25/18 6/6 Tim Tim Matt PAAMBSURFLOAN06 Book 2 Build Room PAAMBSURFLOAN07 Pro 5 Build Room PAAMBSURFLOAN08 Book 2 Build Room    ","ambler loaner surface inventory ambler loaner surface inventory monday, january 29, 2018 3:55 pm s/n name model user assign date send tech ship paambsurfloan01 pro 5 build room paambsurfloan02 book 2 build room 6/15/18 6/28/18 paambsurfloan03 pro 5 justin wheeler 02/16/18 paambsurfloan04 book 2 paambsurfloan05 pro 5 foley atlanta 4/25/18 6/6 tim tim matt paambsurfloan06 book 2 build room paambsurfloan07 pro 5 build room paambsurfloan08 book 2 build room"
62,Android Registration (MDM)," Thursday, May 31, 2018 3:38 PM 1. Add user account to appropriate Intune AD group(s) 2. Intune Pilot Users - Applies Intune A Direct license, EOL Conditional Access policy and  Featured/Required Apps Intune - Android - Applies Compliance and MAM policy to managed Android apps Intune - Android WiFi (optional - must be fully enrolled) - Installs the required CA certs for WiFi and  configures CorpMDN WiFi profile Enable Intune A Direct license for user in Office365 Portal - https://portal.office.com NOTE: This is done via group assignment now. All members of the Intune Pilot Users group will  receive the Intune A direct license once synced to AAD. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. Force manual AD sync to Azure via AD Connect - Azure AD Connect (must be performed by the  server team) Make sure the user has their Google Play account password as they may be prompted during the  install for Outlook and Authenticator Instruct the user to install the Intune Company Portal app from the Google Play store Retire device from MobileIron (if applicable) Remove ActiveSync connection from MobileIron (if applicable) Remove MobileIron and related apps from the device (if applicable) Launch the Company Portal app Click Sign in     11. Enter your UPN (e.g. username@berkadia.com) and click Next 12. When prompted by ADFS, enter your UPN (e.g. username@berkadia.com) and network password  and click Sign In     13. Allow the app to connect 14. Click Continue to start the MDM enrollment process     15. Click Continue 16. Click Next     17. Click Allow 18. Scroll to the bottom of this screen and click Activate this device admin app     19. Click Done 20. You can optionally install apps from the Apps tab or from the Google Play store, if not already  installed     21. 22. Open the Outlook app and sign in If the user opted in for Wifi, you will see a series of notifications that may prompt you to install  several certificates. If prompted, you must click Allow for each certificate (leave on VPN and  Apps). The device may need to check-in a few times before all certificates are installed and Wifi  becomes available. You can force a check-in by clicking on the device in the Company Portal app and  then clicking the Check device settings link at the bottom of the screen. You can also do this from  the Intune console. NOTE: This process can take some time. It may be best to let the device sit and check-in with the  user after an hour or so. To confirm Wifi and certificate installation: 1. Go to Settings > Encryption & credentials > Trusted credentials (the menu titles may vary  depending on device and OS version)      depending on device and OS version) Click the User tab. You should see BCMCERT0, BCMCERT1 and BCMCERT2 2. 3. Go back to Encryption & credentials and click User credentials. You will see several certificates in  here. These certs consist of all CA certs mentioned above, a SCEP cert and the certs applied to the  Wifi profile (which are the CA certs). Some devices or OS versions will not show the last 3 certs  which are labeled Installed for Wi-Fi. This is normal. The WiFi connection will automatically connect  to CorpMDN once all certs and profiles are configured. Make sure WiFi is ON ;) A correctly configured profile should look like this      NOT like this From <https://onenote.officeapps.live.com/o/onenoteframe.aspx?ui=en%2DUS&rs=en%2DUS&WOPISrc=https%3A%2F% 2Fberkadia%2Esharepoint%2Ecom%2FO365%2DResources%2F%5Fvti%5Fbin%2Fwopi%2Eashx%2Ffolders% 2Fc42d5de607df48c89a5f3cf333bdae3e&wdEnableRoaming=1&wdFR=1&mscc=1&hid=179e6c9e-e0ae-5000- a5c9-82d8e9ced377>     ","[72, 0, 50, 775]","[84, 92]","Android Registration (MDM) Android Registration (MDM) Android Registration (MDM) Android Registration (MDM) Android Registration (MDM) Android Registration (MDM) Android Registration (MDM) Android Registration (MDM) Android Registration (MDM) Android Registration (MDM)   Thursday, May 31, 2018 3:38 PM 1. Add user account to appropriate Intune AD group(s) 2. Intune Pilot Users - Applies Intune A Direct license, EOL Conditional Access policy and  Featured/Required Apps Intune - Android - Applies Compliance and MAM policy to managed Android apps Intune - Android WiFi (optional - must be fully enrolled) - Installs the required CA certs for WiFi and  configures CorpMDN WiFi profile Enable Intune A Direct license for user in Office365 Portal - https://portal.office.com NOTE: This is done via group assignment now. All members of the Intune Pilot Users group will  receive the Intune A direct license once synced to AAD. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. Force manual AD sync to Azure via AD Connect - Azure AD Connect (must be performed by the  server team) Make sure the user has their Google Play account password as they may be prompted during the  install for Outlook and Authenticator Instruct the user to install the Intune Company Portal app from the Google Play store Retire device from MobileIron (if applicable) Remove ActiveSync connection from MobileIron (if applicable) Remove MobileIron and related apps from the device (if applicable) Launch the Company Portal app Click Sign in     11. Enter your UPN (e.g. username@berkadia.com) and click Next 12. When prompted by ADFS, enter your UPN (e.g. username@berkadia.com) and network password  and click Sign In     13. Allow the app to connect 14. Click Continue to start the MDM enrollment process     15. Click Continue 16. Click Next     17. Click Allow 18. Scroll to the bottom of this screen and click Activate this device admin app     19. Click Done 20. You can optionally install apps from the Apps tab or from the Google Play store, if not already  installed     21. 22. Open the Outlook app and sign in If the user opted in for Wifi, you will see a series of notifications that may prompt you to install  several certificates. If prompted, you must click Allow for each certificate (leave on VPN and  Apps). The device may need to check-in a few times before all certificates are installed and Wifi  becomes available. You can force a check-in by clicking on the device in the Company Portal app and  then clicking the Check device settings link at the bottom of the screen. You can also do this from  the Intune console. NOTE: This process can take some time. It may be best to let the device sit and check-in with the  user after an hour or so. To confirm Wifi and certificate installation: 1. Go to Settings > Encryption & credentials > Trusted credentials (the menu titles may vary  depending on device and OS version)      depending on device and OS version) Click the User tab. You should see BCMCERT0, BCMCERT1 and BCMCERT2 2. 3. Go back to Encryption & credentials and click User credentials. You will see several certificates in  here. These certs consist of all CA certs mentioned above, a SCEP cert and the certs applied to the  Wifi profile (which are the CA certs). Some devices or OS versions will not show the last 3 certs  which are labeled Installed for Wi-Fi. This is normal. The WiFi connection will automatically connect  to CorpMDN once all certs and profiles are configured. Make sure WiFi is ON ;) A correctly configured profile should look like this      NOT like this From <https://onenote.officeapps.live.com/o/onenoteframe.aspx?ui=en%2DUS&rs=en%2DUS&WOPISrc=https%3A%2F% 2Fberkadia%2Esharepoint%2Ecom%2FO365%2DResources%2F%5Fvti%5Fbin%2Fwopi%2Eashx%2Ffolders% 2Fc42d5de607df48c89a5f3cf333bdae3e&wdEnableRoaming=1&wdFR=1&mscc=1&hid=179e6c9e-e0ae-5000- a5c9-82d8e9ced377>     ","android registration (mdm) android registration (mdm) android registration (mdm) android registration (mdm) android registration (mdm) android registration (mdm) android registration (mdm) android registration (mdm) android registration (mdm) android registration (mdm) thursday, may 31, 2018 3:38 pm 1. add user account appropriate intune ad group(s) 2. intune pilot users - apply intune direct license, eol conditional access policy featured/required apps intune - android - apply compliance mam policy manage android apps intune - android wifi (optional - must fully enrolled) - install require ca certs wifi configure corpmdn wifi profile enable intune direct license user office365 portal - https://portal.office.com note: do via group assignment now. members intune pilot users group receive intune direct license sync aad. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. force manual ad sync azure via ad connect - azure ad connect (must perform server team) make sure user google play account password may prompt install outlook authenticator instruct user install intune company portal app google play store retire device mobileiron (if applicable) remove activesync connection mobileiron (if applicable) remove mobileiron relate apps device (if applicable) launch company portal app click sign 11. enter upn (e.g. username@berkadia.com) click next 12. prompt adfs, enter upn (e.g. username@berkadia.com) network password click sign 13. allow app connect 14. click continue start mdm enrollment process 15. click continue 16. click next 17. click allow 18. scroll bottom screen click activate device admin app 19. click do 20. optionally install apps apps tab google play store, already instal 21. 22. open outlook app sign user opt wifi, see series notifications may prompt install several certificates. prompted, must click allow certificate (leave vpn apps). device may need check-in time certificate instal wifi become available. force check-in click device company portal app click check device settings link bottom screen. also intune console. note: process take time. may best let device sit check-in user hour so. confirm wifi certificate installation: 1. go settings > encryption & credentials > trust credentials (the menu title may vary depend device os version) depend device os version) click user tab. see bcmcert0, bcmcert1 bcmcert2 2. 3. go back encryption & credentials click user credentials. see several certificate here. certs consist ca certs mention above, scep cert certs apply wifi profile (which ca certs). devices os versions show last 3 certs label instal wi-fi. normal. wifi connection automatically connect corpmdn certs profile configured. make sure wifi ;) correctly configure profile look like like <https://onenote.officeapps.live.com/o/onenoteframe.aspxui=en%2dus&rs=en%2dus&wopisrc=https%3a%2f% 2fberkadia%2esharepoint%2ecom%2fo365%2dresources%2f%5fvti%5fbin%2fwopi%2eashx%2ffolders% 2fc42d5de607df48c89a5f3cf333bdae3e&wdenableroaming=1&wdfr=1&mscc=1&hid=179e6c9e-e0ae-5000- a5c9-82d8e9ced377>","Android Registration (MDM) Android Registration (MDM)   Thursday, May 31, 2018 3:38 PM 1. Add user account to appropriate Intune AD group(s) 2. Intune Pilot Users - Applies Intune A Direct license, EOL Conditional Access policy and  Featured/Required Apps Intune - Android - Applies Compliance and MAM policy to managed Android apps Intune - Android WiFi (optional - must be fully enrolled) - Installs the required CA certs for WiFi and  configures CorpMDN WiFi profile Enable Intune A Direct license for user in Office365 Portal - https://portal.office.com NOTE: This is done via group assignment now. All members of the Intune Pilot Users group will  receive the Intune A direct license once synced to AAD. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. Force manual AD sync to Azure via AD Connect - Azure AD Connect (must be performed by the  server team) Make sure the user has their Google Play account password as they may be prompted during the  install for Outlook and Authenticator Instruct the user to install the Intune Company Portal app from the Google Play store Retire device from MobileIron (if applicable) Remove ActiveSync connection from MobileIron (if applicable) Remove MobileIron and related apps from the device (if applicable) Launch the Company Portal app Click Sign in     11. Enter your UPN (e.g. username@berkadia.com) and click Next 12. When prompted by ADFS, enter your UPN (e.g. username@berkadia.com) and network password  and click Sign In     13. Allow the app to connect 14. Click Continue to start the MDM enrollment process     15. Click Continue 16. Click Next     17. Click Allow 18. Scroll to the bottom of this screen and click Activate this device admin app     19. Click Done 20. You can optionally install apps from the Apps tab or from the Google Play store, if not already  installed     21. 22. Open the Outlook app and sign in If the user opted in for Wifi, you will see a series of notifications that may prompt you to install  several certificates. If prompted, you must click Allow for each certificate (leave on VPN and  Apps). The device may need to check-in a few times before all certificates are installed and Wifi  becomes available. You can force a check-in by clicking on the device in the Company Portal app and  then clicking the Check device settings link at the bottom of the screen. You can also do this from  the Intune console. NOTE: This process can take some time. It may be best to let the device sit and check-in with the  user after an hour or so. To confirm Wifi and certificate installation: 1. Go to Settings > Encryption & credentials > Trusted credentials (the menu titles may vary  depending on device and OS version)      depending on device and OS version) Click the User tab. You should see BCMCERT0, BCMCERT1 and BCMCERT2 2. 3. Go back to Encryption & credentials and click User credentials. You will see several certificates in  here. These certs consist of all CA certs mentioned above, a SCEP cert and the certs applied to the  Wifi profile (which are the CA certs). Some devices or OS versions will not show the last 3 certs  which are labeled Installed for Wi-Fi. This is normal. The WiFi connection will automatically connect  to CorpMDN once all certs and profiles are configured. Make sure WiFi is ON ;) A correctly configured profile should look like this      NOT like this From <https://onenote.officeapps.live.com/o/onenoteframe.aspx?ui=en%2DUS&rs=en%2DUS&WOPISrc=https%3A%2F% 2Fberkadia%2Esharepoint%2Ecom%2FO365%2DResources%2F%5Fvti%5Fbin%2Fwopi%2Eashx%2Ffolders% 2Fc42d5de607df48c89a5f3cf333bdae3e&wdEnableRoaming=1&wdFR=1&mscc=1&hid=179e6c9e-e0ae-5000- a5c9-82d8e9ced377>     ","android registration (mdm) android registration (mdm) thursday, may 31, 2018 3:38 pm 1. add user account appropriate intune ad group(s) 2. intune pilot users - apply intune direct license, eol conditional access policy featured/required apps intune - android - apply compliance mam policy manage android apps intune - android wifi (optional - must fully enrolled) - install require ca certs wifi configure corpmdn wifi profile enable intune direct license user office365 portal - https://portal.office.com note: do via group assignment now. members intune pilot users group receive intune direct license sync aad. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. force manual ad sync azure via ad connect - azure ad connect (must perform server team) make sure user google play account password may prompt install outlook authenticator instruct user install intune company portal app google play store retire device mobileiron (if applicable) remove activesync connection mobileiron (if applicable) remove mobileiron relate apps device (if applicable) launch company portal app click sign 11. enter upn (e.g. username@berkadia.com) click next 12. prompt adfs, enter upn (e.g. username@berkadia.com) network password click sign 13. allow app connect 14. click continue start mdm enrollment process 15. click continue 16. click next 17. click allow 18. scroll bottom screen click activate device admin app 19. click do 20. optionally install apps apps tab google play store, already instal 21. 22. open outlook app sign user opt wifi, see series notifications may prompt install several certificates. prompted, must click allow certificate (leave vpn apps). device may need check-in time certificate instal wifi become available. force check-in click device company portal app click check device settings link bottom screen. also intune console. note: process take time. may best let device sit check-in user hour so. confirm wifi certificate installation: 1. go settings > encryption & credentials > trust credentials (the menu title may vary depend device os version) depend device os version) click user tab. see bcmcert0, bcmcert1 bcmcert2 2. 3. go back encryption & credentials click user credentials. see several certificate here. certs consist ca certs mention above, scep cert certs apply wifi profile (which ca certs). devices os versions show last 3 certs label instal wi-fi. normal. wifi connection automatically connect corpmdn certs profile configured. make sure wifi ;) correctly configure profile look like like <https://onenote.officeapps.live.com/o/onenoteframe.aspxui=en%2dus&rs=en%2dus&wopisrc=https%3a%2f% 2fberkadia%2esharepoint%2ecom%2fo365%2dresources%2f%5fvti%5fbin%2fwopi%2eashx%2ffolders% 2fc42d5de607df48c89a5f3cf333bdae3e&wdenableroaming=1&wdfr=1&mscc=1&hid=179e6c9e-e0ae-5000- a5c9-82d8e9ced377>"
63,Android Troubleshooting," Thursday, March 17, 2016 3:54 PM","[72, 769, 231, 779]",[52],"Android Troubleshooting Android Troubleshooting Android Troubleshooting Android Troubleshooting Android Troubleshooting Android Troubleshooting Android Troubleshooting Android Troubleshooting Android Troubleshooting Android Troubleshooting   Thursday, March 17, 2016 3:54 PM","android troubleshoot android troubleshoot android troubleshoot android troubleshoot android troubleshoot android troubleshoot android troubleshoot android troubleshoot android troubleshoot android troubleshoot thursday, march 17, 2016 3:54 pm","Android Troubleshooting Android Troubleshooting   Thursday, March 17, 2016 3:54 PM","android troubleshoot android troubleshoot thursday, march 17, 2016 3:54 pm"
64,Approve IT Secure Print," 11:40 AM Thursday, April 23, 2015    ","[72, 0, 229, 779]",[390],"Approve IT Secure Print Approve IT Secure Print Approve IT Secure Print Approve IT Secure Print Approve IT Secure Print Approve IT Secure Print Approve IT Secure Print Approve IT Secure Print Approve IT Secure Print Approve IT Secure Print   11:40 AM Thursday, April 23, 2015    ","approve secure print approve secure print approve secure print approve secure print approve secure print approve secure print approve secure print approve secure print approve secure print approve secure print 11:40 thursday, april 23, 2015","Approve IT Secure Print Approve IT Secure Print   11:40 AM Thursday, April 23, 2015    ","approve secure print approve secure print 11:40 thursday, april 23, 2015"
65,Approve IT Troubleshooting Tips," Thursday, April 23, 2015 11:40 AM              ","[60, 2, 60, 783]","[391, 393]","Approve IT Troubleshooting Tips Approve IT Troubleshooting Tips Approve IT Troubleshooting Tips Approve IT Troubleshooting Tips Approve IT Troubleshooting Tips Approve IT Troubleshooting Tips Approve IT Troubleshooting Tips Approve IT Troubleshooting Tips Approve IT Troubleshooting Tips Approve IT Troubleshooting Tips   Thursday, April 23, 2015 11:40 AM              ","approve troubleshoot tip approve troubleshoot tip approve troubleshoot tip approve troubleshoot tip approve troubleshoot tip approve troubleshoot tip approve troubleshoot tip approve troubleshoot tip approve troubleshoot tip approve troubleshoot tip thursday, april 23, 2015 11:40","Approve IT Troubleshooting Tips Approve IT Troubleshooting Tips   Thursday, April 23, 2015 11:40 AM              ","approve troubleshoot tip approve troubleshoot tip thursday, april 23, 2015 11:40"
66,ApproveIT 7.0 Installation," 9:56 AM Tuesday, December 13, 2011 Thursday, December 01, 2011 8:43 AM When installing approveit, its recommended that you have your MS Office 2010 installed prior too. Step 1: To access the installation go to the applic drive. Look for the Silanis_ApproveIT_7.0 folder.  Click on the folder to open it up to view contents inside. Step 2: Click and run the setup.exe. Step 3:  The installation wizard should now appear. Click next. Step 4: Accept the user license agreement.      Step 5: Filling in the user information. The name can stay as Authorized User, Company is Berkadia,  Serial key is 1tn4w7-522307. Then continue to click next. Step 6: The destination folder can stay as the default. Click next. Step 7: Installation type will be typical. Click next.      Step 8: Uncheck the display tutorial and click next. Once the installation has completed, click finish. After the installation open up word and excel and  confirm that the ApproveIT is in the ribbon above.       If the ApproveIT addin is missing please refer to the office addin's procedure.    ","[72, 0, 72, 779]","[379, 382]","ApproveIT 7.0 Installation ApproveIT 7.0 Installation ApproveIT 7.0 Installation ApproveIT 7.0 Installation ApproveIT 7.0 Installation ApproveIT 7.0 Installation ApproveIT 7.0 Installation ApproveIT 7.0 Installation ApproveIT 7.0 Installation ApproveIT 7.0 Installation   9:56 AM Tuesday, December 13, 2011 Thursday, December 01, 2011 8:43 AM When installing approveit, its recommended that you have your MS Office 2010 installed prior too. Step 1: To access the installation go to the applic drive. Look for the Silanis_ApproveIT_7.0 folder.  Click on the folder to open it up to view contents inside. Step 2: Click and run the setup.exe. Step 3:  The installation wizard should now appear. Click next. Step 4: Accept the user license agreement.      Step 5: Filling in the user information. The name can stay as Authorized User, Company is Berkadia,  Serial key is 1tn4w7-522307. Then continue to click next. Step 6: The destination folder can stay as the default. Click next. Step 7: Installation type will be typical. Click next.      Step 8: Uncheck the display tutorial and click next. Once the installation has completed, click finish. After the installation open up word and excel and  confirm that the ApproveIT is in the ribbon above.       If the ApproveIT addin is missing please refer to the office addin's procedure.    ","approveit 7.0 installation approveit 7.0 installation approveit 7.0 installation approveit 7.0 installation approveit 7.0 installation approveit 7.0 installation approveit 7.0 installation approveit 7.0 installation approveit 7.0 installation approveit 7.0 installation 9:56 tuesday, december 13, 2011 thursday, december 01, 2011 8:43 instal approveit, recommend ms office 2010 instal prior too. step 1: access installation go applic drive. look silanis_approveit_7.0 folder. click folder open view content inside. step 2: click run setup.exe. step 3: installation wizard appear. click next. step 4: accept user license agreement. step 5: fill user information. name stay authorize user, company berkadia, serial key 1tn4w7-522307. continue click next. step 6: destination folder stay default. click next. step 7: installation type typical. click next. step 8: uncheck display tutorial click next. installation completed, click finish. installation open word excel confirm approveit ribbon above. approveit addin miss please refer office addin's procedure.","ApproveIT 7.0 Installation ApproveIT 7.0 Installation   9:56 AM Tuesday, December 13, 2011 Thursday, December 01, 2011 8:43 AM When installing approveit, its recommended that you have your MS Office 2010 installed prior too. Step 1: To access the installation go to the applic drive. Look for the Silanis_ApproveIT_7.0 folder.  Click on the folder to open it up to view contents inside. Step 2: Click and run the setup.exe. Step 3:  The installation wizard should now appear. Click next. Step 4: Accept the user license agreement.      Step 5: Filling in the user information. The name can stay as Authorized User, Company is Berkadia,  Serial key is 1tn4w7-522307. Then continue to click next. Step 6: The destination folder can stay as the default. Click next. Step 7: Installation type will be typical. Click next.      Step 8: Uncheck the display tutorial and click next. Once the installation has completed, click finish. After the installation open up word and excel and  confirm that the ApproveIT is in the ribbon above.       If the ApproveIT addin is missing please refer to the office addin's procedure.    ","approveit 7.0 installation approveit 7.0 installation 9:56 tuesday, december 13, 2011 thursday, december 01, 2011 8:43 instal approveit, recommend ms office 2010 instal prior too. step 1: access installation go applic drive. look silanis_approveit_7.0 folder. click folder open view content inside. step 2: click run setup.exe. step 3: installation wizard appear. click next. step 4: accept user license agreement. step 5: fill user information. name stay authorize user, company berkadia, serial key 1tn4w7-522307. continue click next. step 6: destination folder stay default. click next. step 7: installation type typical. click next. step 8: uncheck display tutorial click next. installation completed, click finish. installation open word excel confirm approveit ribbon above. approveit addin miss please refer office addin's procedure."
67,ApproveIt," Tuesday, March 15, 2016 8:51 PM Initially after a fresh install of Approve IT, or if Internet Explorer has been reset, you may find  yourself needing to perform a fix in the registry. You'll know this is necessary if the user tries  to approve an item within EPM (eforms) and they are prompted to Browse to find their  signature file. After IE10 was rolled out if a user clicks browse and selects their signature file  from EPM and attempts to sign electronically they will typically see an error 1027. Registry Repair process: First you'll need to open regedit with your admin credentials on the problem computer. You can  type ""regedit"" in the the start menu search box and then shift + right click on regedit when it  shows up. Once regedit is open click on ""Edit"" then ""Find"" in the upper left hand corner. Type ""capturefile""  and then ""find next."" a. You'll need to doubleclick and edit the data value field of items labeled ""CaptureFile."" Type/paste  the correct path of where their signature file is stored in the data value field. (ie  H:\JohnDoe.cps)  Typically this file will be located in either the user's H: drive or locally here: C:\eSignSignatures a. Press F3 to continue searching the registry for additional entries keeping in mind that you should  NOT edit anything besides items listed as ""CaptureFile"" as seen above. Most computers will have  4-5 entries that need to be edited. Close regedit, close  ALL Internet Explorer windows, attempt to approve the same item again.      DO NOT click browse before clicking Approve. The user most likely will have to close the window   and retype everything if that happens. Not as common of a problem , but you may also encounter a ""Red X"" within EPM if the Active X  component of ApproveIt has not been installed. See here for installer:  \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic \Silanis_E-Sign_7_2_2\Active X Run the installer  with admin credentials and complete install. Relaunch Internet explorer. Add ins: ADTAPI.Lib.ApproveItAddin is the default application addin that will be displayed in Word and Excel. In  the case of a missing tab     ","[70, 0, 70, 776]","[377, 378]","ApproveIt ApproveIt ApproveIt ApproveIt ApproveIt ApproveIt ApproveIt ApproveIt ApproveIt ApproveIt   Tuesday, March 15, 2016 8:51 PM Initially after a fresh install of Approve IT, or if Internet Explorer has been reset, you may find  yourself needing to perform a fix in the registry. You'll know this is necessary if the user tries  to approve an item within EPM (eforms) and they are prompted to Browse to find their  signature file. After IE10 was rolled out if a user clicks browse and selects their signature file  from EPM and attempts to sign electronically they will typically see an error 1027. Registry Repair process: First you'll need to open regedit with your admin credentials on the problem computer. You can  type ""regedit"" in the the start menu search box and then shift + right click on regedit when it  shows up. Once regedit is open click on ""Edit"" then ""Find"" in the upper left hand corner. Type ""capturefile""  and then ""find next."" a. You'll need to doubleclick and edit the data value field of items labeled ""CaptureFile."" Type/paste  the correct path of where their signature file is stored in the data value field. (ie  H:\JohnDoe.cps)  Typically this file will be located in either the user's H: drive or locally here: C:\eSignSignatures a. Press F3 to continue searching the registry for additional entries keeping in mind that you should  NOT edit anything besides items listed as ""CaptureFile"" as seen above. Most computers will have  4-5 entries that need to be edited. Close regedit, close  ALL Internet Explorer windows, attempt to approve the same item again.      DO NOT click browse before clicking Approve. The user most likely will have to close the window   and retype everything if that happens. Not as common of a problem , but you may also encounter a ""Red X"" within EPM if the Active X  component of ApproveIt has not been installed. See here for installer:  \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic \Silanis_E-Sign_7_2_2\Active X Run the installer  with admin credentials and complete install. Relaunch Internet explorer. Add ins: ADTAPI.Lib.ApproveItAddin is the default application addin that will be displayed in Word and Excel. In  the case of a missing tab     ","approveit approveit approveit approveit approveit approveit approveit approveit approveit approveit tuesday, march 15, 2016 8:51 pm initially fresh install approve it, internet explorer reset, may find need perform fix registry. know necessary user try approve item within epm (eforms) prompt browse find signature file. ie10 roll user click browse select signature file epm attempt sign electronically typically see error 1027. registry repair process: first need open regedit admin credentials problem computer. type ""regedit"" start menu search box shift + right click regedit show up. regedit open click ""edit"" ""find"" upper leave hand corner. type ""capturefile"" ""find next."" a. need doubleclick edit data value field items label ""capturefile."" type/paste correct path signature file store data value field. (ie h:\johndoe.cps) typically file locate either user's h: drive locally here: c:\esignsignatures a. press f3 continue search registry additional entries keep mind edit anything besides items list ""capturefile"" see above. computers 4-5 entries need edited. close regedit, close internet explorer windows, attempt approve item again. click browse click approve. user likely close window retype everything happens. common problem , may also encounter ""red x"" within epm active x component approveit installed. see installer: \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic \silanis_e-sign_7_2_2\active x run installer admin credentials complete install. relaunch internet explorer. add ins: adtapi.lib.approveitaddin default application addin display word excel. case miss tab","ApproveIt ApproveIt   Tuesday, March 15, 2016 8:51 PM Initially after a fresh install of Approve IT, or if Internet Explorer has been reset, you may find  yourself needing to perform a fix in the registry. You'll know this is necessary if the user tries  to approve an item within EPM (eforms) and they are prompted to Browse to find their  signature file. After IE10 was rolled out if a user clicks browse and selects their signature file  from EPM and attempts to sign electronically they will typically see an error 1027. Registry Repair process: First you'll need to open regedit with your admin credentials on the problem computer. You can  type ""regedit"" in the the start menu search box and then shift + right click on regedit when it  shows up. Once regedit is open click on ""Edit"" then ""Find"" in the upper left hand corner. Type ""capturefile""  and then ""find next."" a. You'll need to doubleclick and edit the data value field of items labeled ""CaptureFile."" Type/paste  the correct path of where their signature file is stored in the data value field. (ie  H:\JohnDoe.cps)  Typically this file will be located in either the user's H: drive or locally here: C:\eSignSignatures a. Press F3 to continue searching the registry for additional entries keeping in mind that you should  NOT edit anything besides items listed as ""CaptureFile"" as seen above. Most computers will have  4-5 entries that need to be edited. Close regedit, close  ALL Internet Explorer windows, attempt to approve the same item again.      DO NOT click browse before clicking Approve. The user most likely will have to close the window   and retype everything if that happens. Not as common of a problem , but you may also encounter a ""Red X"" within EPM if the Active X  component of ApproveIt has not been installed. See here for installer:  \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic \Silanis_E-Sign_7_2_2\Active X Run the installer  with admin credentials and complete install. Relaunch Internet explorer. Add ins: ADTAPI.Lib.ApproveItAddin is the default application addin that will be displayed in Word and Excel. In  the case of a missing tab     ","approveit approveit tuesday, march 15, 2016 8:51 pm initially fresh install approve it, internet explorer reset, may find need perform fix registry. know necessary user try approve item within epm (eforms) prompt browse find signature file. ie10 roll user click browse select signature file epm attempt sign electronically typically see error 1027. registry repair process: first need open regedit admin credentials problem computer. type ""regedit"" start menu search box shift + right click regedit show up. regedit open click ""edit"" ""find"" upper leave hand corner. type ""capturefile"" ""find next."" a. need doubleclick edit data value field items label ""capturefile."" type/paste correct path signature file store data value field. (ie h:\johndoe.cps) typically file locate either user's h: drive locally here: c:\esignsignatures a. press f3 continue search registry additional entries keep mind edit anything besides items list ""capturefile"" see above. computers 4-5 entries need edited. close regedit, close internet explorer windows, attempt approve item again. click browse click approve. user likely close window retype everything happens. common problem , may also encounter ""red x"" within epm active x component approveit installed. see installer: \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic \silanis_e-sign_7_2_2\active x run installer admin credentials complete install. relaunch internet explorer. add ins: adtapi.lib.approveitaddin default application addin display word excel. case miss tab"
68,ApproveIt Replacement Process_," Friday, April 20, 2018 10:21 AM https://berkadia.sharepoint.com/O365-Resources/Pages/ApproveIT.aspx                                            ","[62, 2, 62, 10]","[180, 188]","ApproveIt Replacement Process_ ApproveIt Replacement Process_ ApproveIt Replacement Process_ ApproveIt Replacement Process_ ApproveIt Replacement Process_ ApproveIt Replacement Process_ ApproveIt Replacement Process_ ApproveIt Replacement Process_ ApproveIt Replacement Process_ ApproveIt Replacement Process_   Friday, April 20, 2018 10:21 AM https://berkadia.sharepoint.com/O365-Resources/Pages/ApproveIT.aspx                                            ","approveit replacement process_ approveit replacement process_ approveit replacement process_ approveit replacement process_ approveit replacement process_ approveit replacement process_ approveit replacement process_ approveit replacement process_ approveit replacement process_ approveit replacement process_ friday, april 20, 2018 10:21 https://berkadia.sharepoint.com/o365-resources/pages/approveit.aspx","ApproveIt Replacement Process_ ApproveIt Replacement Process_   Friday, April 20, 2018 10:21 AM https://berkadia.sharepoint.com/O365-Resources/Pages/ApproveIT.aspx                                            ","approveit replacement process_ approveit replacement process_ friday, april 20, 2018 10:21 https://berkadia.sharepoint.com/o365-resources/pages/approveit.aspx"
69,ApproveIt in eForms via TSApps," Tuesday, June 27, 2017 2:43 PM ApproveIt doesn't work with Windows 10 and Office 2016/Office 365. They will need to use  remote.berkadia.com and utilize the EPM/IE TSApps in order to approve items with their  signature. Make sure their ApproveIt signature is on their H: drive before starting. Open “Home Drive” Click “Connect” Input “gmaccm\username” (their username) and network password      Click “Computer” on the left Open “Local Disk (C:)” Open “Launch”      Choose “Fix ApproveIt in eForms” Click “OK” Click “Browse” on the right.      Choose “H:” Select signature.      Ensure signature is mapped in field, and click “OK” Click “OK” Click “OK” Their session will close out. Open IE or an eForms related TSApp. Try to approve.    ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[681, 685]","ApproveIt in eForms via TSApps ApproveIt in eForms via TSApps ApproveIt in eForms via TSApps ApproveIt in eForms via TSApps ApproveIt in eForms via TSApps ApproveIt in eForms via TSApps ApproveIt in eForms via TSApps ApproveIt in eForms via TSApps ApproveIt in eForms via TSApps ApproveIt in eForms via TSApps   Tuesday, June 27, 2017 2:43 PM ApproveIt doesn't work with Windows 10 and Office 2016/Office 365. They will need to use  remote.berkadia.com and utilize the EPM/IE TSApps in order to approve items with their  signature. Make sure their ApproveIt signature is on their H: drive before starting. Open “Home Drive” Click “Connect” Input “gmaccm\username” (their username) and network password      Click “Computer” on the left Open “Local Disk (C:)” Open “Launch”      Choose “Fix ApproveIt in eForms” Click “OK” Click “Browse” on the right.      Choose “H:” Select signature.      Ensure signature is mapped in field, and click “OK” Click “OK” Click “OK” Their session will close out. Open IE or an eForms related TSApp. Try to approve.    ","approveit eforms via tsapps approveit eforms via tsapps approveit eforms via tsapps approveit eforms via tsapps approveit eforms via tsapps approveit eforms via tsapps approveit eforms via tsapps approveit eforms via tsapps approveit eforms via tsapps approveit eforms via tsapps tuesday, june 27, 2017 2:43 pm approveit work windows 10 office 2016/office 365. need use remote.berkadia.com utilize epm/ie tsapps order approve items signature. make sure approveit signature h: drive starting. open “home drive” click “connect” input “gmaccm\username” (their username) network password click “computer” leave open “local disk (c:)” open “launch” choose “fix approveit eforms” click “ok” click “browse” right. choose “h:” select signature. ensure signature map field, click “ok” click “ok” click “ok” session close out. open ie eforms relate tsapp. try approve.","ApproveIt in eForms via TSApps ApproveIt in eForms via TSApps   Tuesday, June 27, 2017 2:43 PM ApproveIt doesn't work with Windows 10 and Office 2016/Office 365. They will need to use  remote.berkadia.com and utilize the EPM/IE TSApps in order to approve items with their  signature. Make sure their ApproveIt signature is on their H: drive before starting. Open “Home Drive” Click “Connect” Input “gmaccm\username” (their username) and network password      Click “Computer” on the left Open “Local Disk (C:)” Open “Launch”      Choose “Fix ApproveIt in eForms” Click “OK” Click “Browse” on the right.      Choose “H:” Select signature.      Ensure signature is mapped in field, and click “OK” Click “OK” Click “OK” Their session will close out. Open IE or an eForms related TSApp. Try to approve.    ","approveit eforms via tsapps approveit eforms via tsapps tuesday, june 27, 2017 2:43 pm approveit work windows 10 office 2016/office 365. need use remote.berkadia.com utilize epm/ie tsapps order approve items signature. make sure approveit signature h: drive starting. open “home drive” click “connect” input “gmaccm\username” (their username) network password click “computer” leave open “local disk (c:)” open “launch” choose “fix approveit eforms” click “ok” click “browse” right. choose “h:” select signature. ensure signature map field, click “ok” click “ok” click “ok” session close out. open ie eforms relate tsapp. try approve."
70,Approveint troubleshooting," Wednesday, June 28, 2017 4:58 PM Hi All, There has been a large increase of ApproveIt related issues going on. This is most likely due to the  IE11 deployment (but please do not provide this as an explanation to users at the moment). Here’s  the process you can follow for troubleshooting if standard steps do not work for approving within  EPM/Eforms. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. Reset IE  (internet options->advanced tab->reset (clear personal settings) Make the user a local admin, remember to log off/log back in to ensure this is working. Remove ApproveIt ActiveX and ApproveIt 7.51 from add/remove programs. Reinstall ApproveIt 7.51 from here: \\gmaccm.com\applic\Applic\Silanis_E-Sign_7_5_1\e-SDT  7.5.1 (run the setup.exe that is 63kb) Reinstall ApproveIt ActiveX from here: \\gmaccm.com\applic\Applic\Silanis_E-Sign_7_2_2 \Active X (run the setup.exe that is 62kb) Follow process for remapping path of the existing signature file in regedit. Sign a blank Word file and Excel file using the ApproveIt plugin. (ensure this Ensure that *.eidm.com is set as a trusted site.  Under Trusted sites, select “custom level” then ensure “allow scriptlets” is set to enable,  “Download signed ActiveX controls” is set to enable, “Download unsigned ActiveX controls” is  set to enable and “Initialize and script ActiveX controls not marked as safe for scripting” is set  to enable. Close IE, relaunch IE. Hopefully this is somewhat helpful, Chris Gilpert may want to add something to this list as we  continue to troubleshoot. Thanks    ","[72, 0, 520, 779]",[397],"Approveint troubleshooting Approveint troubleshooting Approveint troubleshooting Approveint troubleshooting Approveint troubleshooting Approveint troubleshooting Approveint troubleshooting Approveint troubleshooting Approveint troubleshooting Approveint troubleshooting   Wednesday, June 28, 2017 4:58 PM Hi All, There has been a large increase of ApproveIt related issues going on. This is most likely due to the  IE11 deployment (but please do not provide this as an explanation to users at the moment). Here’s  the process you can follow for troubleshooting if standard steps do not work for approving within  EPM/Eforms. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. Reset IE  (internet options->advanced tab->reset (clear personal settings) Make the user a local admin, remember to log off/log back in to ensure this is working. Remove ApproveIt ActiveX and ApproveIt 7.51 from add/remove programs. Reinstall ApproveIt 7.51 from here: \\gmaccm.com\applic\Applic\Silanis_E-Sign_7_5_1\e-SDT  7.5.1 (run the setup.exe that is 63kb) Reinstall ApproveIt ActiveX from here: \\gmaccm.com\applic\Applic\Silanis_E-Sign_7_2_2 \Active X (run the setup.exe that is 62kb) Follow process for remapping path of the existing signature file in regedit. Sign a blank Word file and Excel file using the ApproveIt plugin. (ensure this Ensure that *.eidm.com is set as a trusted site.  Under Trusted sites, select “custom level” then ensure “allow scriptlets” is set to enable,  “Download signed ActiveX controls” is set to enable, “Download unsigned ActiveX controls” is  set to enable and “Initialize and script ActiveX controls not marked as safe for scripting” is set  to enable. Close IE, relaunch IE. Hopefully this is somewhat helpful, Chris Gilpert may want to add something to this list as we  continue to troubleshoot. Thanks    ","approveint troubleshoot approveint troubleshoot approveint troubleshoot approveint troubleshoot approveint troubleshoot approveint troubleshoot approveint troubleshoot approveint troubleshoot approveint troubleshoot approveint troubleshoot wednesday, june 28, 2017 4:58 pm hi all, large increase approveit relate issue go on. likely due ie11 deployment (but please provide explanation users moment). here’s process follow troubleshoot standard step work approve within epm/eforms. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. reset ie (internet options->advanced tab->reset (clear personal settings) make user local admin, remember log off/log back ensure working. remove approveit activex approveit 7.51 add/remove programs. reinstall approveit 7.51 here: \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\silanis_e-sign_7_5_1\e-sdt 7.5.1 (run setup.exe 63kb) reinstall approveit activex here: \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\silanis_e-sign_7_2_2 \active x (run setup.exe 62kb) follow process remapping path exist signature file regedit. sign blank word file excel file use approveit plugin. (ensure ensure *.eidm.com set trust site. trust sites, select “custom level” ensure “allow scriptlets” set enable, “download sign activex controls” set enable, “download unsigned activex controls” set enable “initialize script activex control mark safe scripting” set enable. close ie, relaunch ie. hopefully somewhat helpful, chris gilpert may want add something list continue troubleshoot. thank","Approveint troubleshooting Approveint troubleshooting   Wednesday, June 28, 2017 4:58 PM Hi All, There has been a large increase of ApproveIt related issues going on. This is most likely due to the  IE11 deployment (but please do not provide this as an explanation to users at the moment). Here’s  the process you can follow for troubleshooting if standard steps do not work for approving within  EPM/Eforms. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. Reset IE  (internet options->advanced tab->reset (clear personal settings) Make the user a local admin, remember to log off/log back in to ensure this is working. Remove ApproveIt ActiveX and ApproveIt 7.51 from add/remove programs. Reinstall ApproveIt 7.51 from here: \\gmaccm.com\applic\Applic\Silanis_E-Sign_7_5_1\e-SDT  7.5.1 (run the setup.exe that is 63kb) Reinstall ApproveIt ActiveX from here: \\gmaccm.com\applic\Applic\Silanis_E-Sign_7_2_2 \Active X (run the setup.exe that is 62kb) Follow process for remapping path of the existing signature file in regedit. Sign a blank Word file and Excel file using the ApproveIt plugin. (ensure this Ensure that *.eidm.com is set as a trusted site.  Under Trusted sites, select “custom level” then ensure “allow scriptlets” is set to enable,  “Download signed ActiveX controls” is set to enable, “Download unsigned ActiveX controls” is  set to enable and “Initialize and script ActiveX controls not marked as safe for scripting” is set  to enable. Close IE, relaunch IE. Hopefully this is somewhat helpful, Chris Gilpert may want to add something to this list as we  continue to troubleshoot. Thanks    ","approveint troubleshoot approveint troubleshoot wednesday, june 28, 2017 4:58 pm hi all, large increase approveit relate issue go on. likely due ie11 deployment (but please provide explanation users moment). here’s process follow troubleshoot standard step work approve within epm/eforms. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. reset ie (internet options->advanced tab->reset (clear personal settings) make user local admin, remember log off/log back ensure working. remove approveit activex approveit 7.51 add/remove programs. reinstall approveit 7.51 here: \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\silanis_e-sign_7_5_1\e-sdt 7.5.1 (run setup.exe 63kb) reinstall approveit activex here: \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\silanis_e-sign_7_2_2 \active x (run setup.exe 62kb) follow process remapping path exist signature file regedit. sign blank word file excel file use approveit plugin. (ensure ensure *.eidm.com set trust site. trust sites, select “custom level” ensure “allow scriptlets” set enable, “download sign activex controls” set enable, “download unsigned activex controls” set enable “initialize script activex control mark safe scripting” set enable. close ie, relaunch ie. hopefully somewhat helpful, chris gilpert may want add something list continue troubleshoot. thank"
71,Archive Mailbox will not Open/Expand," Tuesday, February 20, 2018 8:05 AM Online Archive missing – Close Outlook, wait 30 seconds then reopen. In many cases after the initial  installation of Office 365 software, Outlook may not load your archive mailbox until you've restarted  Outlook.    ","[72, 0, 183, 775]",[261],"Archive Mailbox will not Open/Expand Archive Mailbox will not Open/Expand Archive Mailbox will not Open/Expand Archive Mailbox will not Open/Expand Archive Mailbox will not Open/Expand Archive Mailbox will not Open/Expand Archive Mailbox will not Open/Expand Archive Mailbox will not Open/Expand Archive Mailbox will not Open/Expand Archive Mailbox will not Open/Expand   Tuesday, February 20, 2018 8:05 AM Online Archive missing – Close Outlook, wait 30 seconds then reopen. In many cases after the initial  installation of Office 365 software, Outlook may not load your archive mailbox until you've restarted  Outlook.    ","archive mailbox open/expand archive mailbox open/expand archive mailbox open/expand archive mailbox open/expand archive mailbox open/expand archive mailbox open/expand archive mailbox open/expand archive mailbox open/expand archive mailbox open/expand archive mailbox open/expand tuesday, february 20, 2018 8:05 online archive miss – close outlook, wait 30 second reopen. many case initial installation office 365 software, outlook may load archive mailbox restart outlook.","Archive Mailbox will not Open/Expand Archive Mailbox will not Open/Expand   Tuesday, February 20, 2018 8:05 AM Online Archive missing – Close Outlook, wait 30 seconds then reopen. In many cases after the initial  installation of Office 365 software, Outlook may not load your archive mailbox until you've restarted  Outlook.    ","archive mailbox open/expand archive mailbox open/expand tuesday, february 20, 2018 8:05 online archive miss – close outlook, wait 30 second reopen. many case initial installation office 365 software, outlook may load archive mailbox restart outlook."
72,Assigning a Computername," Tuesday, March 1, 2016 1:37 PM Follow these guidelines when assigning a Computername to a NEW computer Computername(s) start with the prefix for the office the user works out of For example, PAAMB for Ambler or MDBET for Bethesda The next part is the users AD account name For example, JSMITH for John Smith or MROBINSO for Marge Robinson The last part is a designation for special machines, like laptops Use L for laptops Use MM for Mac Minis Use SF for Surface devices **NOTE** There is no designation for desktops So let's put it all together- John Smith in the Ambler office is receiving a desktop computer, it will be named PAAMBJSMITH Marge Robinson in the Bethesda office is receiving a laptop computer, it will be named MDBETMROBINSOL Bruce Jones in the Houston office is receiving a Surface device, it will be named TXHOUBJONESSF ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Follow these guide lines when assigning a Computername to a computer that a user is receiving as  part of a reimage or an upgrade **NOTE** You cannot have two computers on the domain that have the same name. When a user is  receiving an upgrade or a reimage, they already have a computer on the network, so we need to give  the replacement computer a different name. DO NOT USE THE SAME NAME AS THE COMPUTER THE  USER ALREADY HAS. Typically we just increment the existing computer name with a number. For example, John Smith in the  Ambler office has a desktop that has reached end of life and an upgrade has been order for him. His  machines will be named like this- Current existing computername - PAAMBJSMITH Computername for new computer - PAAMBJSMITH2 In our next scenario, Jennifer Harrison in the Denver office is having some trouble with her laptop and  Help Desk has asked us to reimage it for her. We overnight a loaner laptop to her and she ships hers  back to Ambler to be reimaged. Her machines will be named like this- Current existing computername - CODENJHARRISOL2 Computername for reimaged computer - CODENJHARRISOL3 **NOTE** Things to note in this example; while we could use the same computername it is best to use a  different one to avoid any potential conflicts. Also, note that Jennifer already had a 2 at the end of her  computername, which means she has had a different machine before, so we will increment the number  again and put a 3 at the end.    ","[72, 0, 168, 775]",[1178],"Assigning a Computername Assigning a Computername Assigning a Computername Assigning a Computername Assigning a Computername Assigning a Computername Assigning a Computername Assigning a Computername Assigning a Computername Assigning a Computername   Tuesday, March 1, 2016 1:37 PM Follow these guidelines when assigning a Computername to a NEW computer Computername(s) start with the prefix for the office the user works out of For example, PAAMB for Ambler or MDBET for Bethesda The next part is the users AD account name For example, JSMITH for John Smith or MROBINSO for Marge Robinson The last part is a designation for special machines, like laptops Use L for laptops Use MM for Mac Minis Use SF for Surface devices **NOTE** There is no designation for desktops So let's put it all together- John Smith in the Ambler office is receiving a desktop computer, it will be named PAAMBJSMITH Marge Robinson in the Bethesda office is receiving a laptop computer, it will be named MDBETMROBINSOL Bruce Jones in the Houston office is receiving a Surface device, it will be named TXHOUBJONESSF ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Follow these guide lines when assigning a Computername to a computer that a user is receiving as  part of a reimage or an upgrade **NOTE** You cannot have two computers on the domain that have the same name. When a user is  receiving an upgrade or a reimage, they already have a computer on the network, so we need to give  the replacement computer a different name. DO NOT USE THE SAME NAME AS THE COMPUTER THE  USER ALREADY HAS. Typically we just increment the existing computer name with a number. For example, John Smith in the  Ambler office has a desktop that has reached end of life and an upgrade has been order for him. His  machines will be named like this- Current existing computername - PAAMBJSMITH Computername for new computer - PAAMBJSMITH2 In our next scenario, Jennifer Harrison in the Denver office is having some trouble with her laptop and  Help Desk has asked us to reimage it for her. We overnight a loaner laptop to her and she ships hers  back to Ambler to be reimaged. Her machines will be named like this- Current existing computername - CODENJHARRISOL2 Computername for reimaged computer - CODENJHARRISOL3 **NOTE** Things to note in this example; while we could use the same computername it is best to use a  different one to avoid any potential conflicts. Also, note that Jennifer already had a 2 at the end of her  computername, which means she has had a different machine before, so we will increment the number  again and put a 3 at the end.    ","assign computername assign computername assign computername assign computername assign computername assign computername assign computername assign computername assign computername assign computername tuesday, march 1, 2016 1:37 pm follow guidelines assign computername new computer computername(s) start prefix office user work example, paamb ambler mdbet bethesda next part users ad account name example, jsmith john smith mrobinso marge robinson last part designation special machines, like laptops use l laptops use mm mac minis use sf surface devices **note** designation desktops let's put together- john smith ambler office receive desktop computer, name paambjsmith marge robinson bethesda office receive laptop computer, name mdbetmrobinsol bruce jones houston office receive surface device, name txhoubjonessf ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ follow guide line assign computername computer user receive part reimage upgrade **note** cannot two computers domain name. user receive upgrade reimage, already computer network, need give replacement computer different name. use name computer user already has. typically increment exist computer name number. example, john smith ambler office desktop reach end life upgrade order him. machine name like this- current exist computername - paambjsmith computername new computer - paambjsmith2 next scenario, jennifer harrison denver office trouble laptop help desk ask us reimage her. overnight loaner laptop ship back ambler reimaged. machine name like this- current exist computername - codenjharrisol2 computername reimaged computer - codenjharrisol3 **note** things note example; could use computername best use different one avoid potential conflicts. also, note jennifer already 2 end computername, mean different machine before, increment number put 3 end.","Assigning a Computername Assigning a Computername   Tuesday, March 1, 2016 1:37 PM Follow these guidelines when assigning a Computername to a NEW computer Computername(s) start with the prefix for the office the user works out of For example, PAAMB for Ambler or MDBET for Bethesda The next part is the users AD account name For example, JSMITH for John Smith or MROBINSO for Marge Robinson The last part is a designation for special machines, like laptops Use L for laptops Use MM for Mac Minis Use SF for Surface devices **NOTE** There is no designation for desktops So let's put it all together- John Smith in the Ambler office is receiving a desktop computer, it will be named PAAMBJSMITH Marge Robinson in the Bethesda office is receiving a laptop computer, it will be named MDBETMROBINSOL Bruce Jones in the Houston office is receiving a Surface device, it will be named TXHOUBJONESSF ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Follow these guide lines when assigning a Computername to a computer that a user is receiving as  part of a reimage or an upgrade **NOTE** You cannot have two computers on the domain that have the same name. When a user is  receiving an upgrade or a reimage, they already have a computer on the network, so we need to give  the replacement computer a different name. DO NOT USE THE SAME NAME AS THE COMPUTER THE  USER ALREADY HAS. Typically we just increment the existing computer name with a number. For example, John Smith in the  Ambler office has a desktop that has reached end of life and an upgrade has been order for him. His  machines will be named like this- Current existing computername - PAAMBJSMITH Computername for new computer - PAAMBJSMITH2 In our next scenario, Jennifer Harrison in the Denver office is having some trouble with her laptop and  Help Desk has asked us to reimage it for her. We overnight a loaner laptop to her and she ships hers  back to Ambler to be reimaged. Her machines will be named like this- Current existing computername - CODENJHARRISOL2 Computername for reimaged computer - CODENJHARRISOL3 **NOTE** Things to note in this example; while we could use the same computername it is best to use a  different one to avoid any potential conflicts. Also, note that Jennifer already had a 2 at the end of her  computername, which means she has had a different machine before, so we will increment the number  again and put a 3 at the end.    ","assign computername assign computername tuesday, march 1, 2016 1:37 pm follow guidelines assign computername new computer computername(s) start prefix office user work example, paamb ambler mdbet bethesda next part users ad account name example, jsmith john smith mrobinso marge robinson last part designation special machines, like laptops use l laptops use mm mac minis use sf surface devices **note** designation desktops let's put together- john smith ambler office receive desktop computer, name paambjsmith marge robinson bethesda office receive laptop computer, name mdbetmrobinsol bruce jones houston office receive surface device, name txhoubjonessf ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ follow guide line assign computername computer user receive part reimage upgrade **note** cannot two computers domain name. user receive upgrade reimage, already computer network, need give replacement computer different name. use name computer user already has. typically increment exist computer name number. example, john smith ambler office desktop reach end life upgrade order him. machine name like this- current exist computername - paambjsmith computername new computer - paambjsmith2 next scenario, jennifer harrison denver office trouble laptop help desk ask us reimage her. overnight loaner laptop ship back ambler reimaged. machine name like this- current exist computername - codenjharrisol2 computername reimaged computer - codenjharrisol3 **note** things note example; could use computername best use different one avoid potential conflicts. also, note jennifer already 2 end computername, mean different machine before, increment number put 3 end."
73,Atlanta Loaner Inventory," Friday, August 25, 2017 3:13 PM S/N Name Model User Assigned To Date Sent Tech that Shipped 5CG5043J09 GAALPLOANER1 9480m    ","[72, 0, 167, 775]",[1132],"Atlanta Loaner Inventory Atlanta Loaner Inventory Atlanta Loaner Inventory Atlanta Loaner Inventory Atlanta Loaner Inventory Atlanta Loaner Inventory Atlanta Loaner Inventory Atlanta Loaner Inventory Atlanta Loaner Inventory Atlanta Loaner Inventory   Friday, August 25, 2017 3:13 PM S/N Name Model User Assigned To Date Sent Tech that Shipped 5CG5043J09 GAALPLOANER1 9480m    ","atlanta loaner inventory atlanta loaner inventory atlanta loaner inventory atlanta loaner inventory atlanta loaner inventory atlanta loaner inventory atlanta loaner inventory atlanta loaner inventory atlanta loaner inventory atlanta loaner inventory friday, august 25, 2017 3:13 pm s/n name model user assign date send tech ship 5cg5043j09 gaalploaner1 9480m","Atlanta Loaner Inventory Atlanta Loaner Inventory   Friday, August 25, 2017 3:13 PM S/N Name Model User Assigned To Date Sent Tech that Shipped 5CG5043J09 GAALPLOANER1 9480m    ","atlanta loaner inventory atlanta loaner inventory friday, august 25, 2017 3:13 pm s/n name model user assign date send tech ship 5cg5043j09 gaalploaner1 9480m"
74,Authentication System," Wednesday, March 20, 2013 7:55 AM First login as admin and then go to properties Navigate to the security folder - Authentication Configuration as highlighted below.  In the screen shot below. Make sure they are checked as below. Then click next. Then Select Kerberos Server      In the Kerberos Server section, make sure that the primary and secondary servers are filled in exactly  like below. For the ports you can use 389 or 636. PA508DCNS1.gmaccm.com PA401DCNS2.gmaccm.com           LDAP Configuration Wednesday, March 20, 2013 8:06 AM For the LDAP Server configuration go to Connectivity- protocols- LDAP- LDAP Server. Make sure the server address are put in as below. Search Directory Root: dc=gmaccm,dc=com Login - System Username is gmaccm\xeroxwc Password= ask Frank Ruffino The rest of the setting make sure they are as below.      SMTP Configuration Wednesday, March 20, 2013 8:33 AM Set the SMTP Config as below. SMTP Login creds are set to None. Login Creds for sending Emails Username = xeroxwc Password = ask Frank      Scan 2 Home  Wednesday, March 20, 2013 8:37 AM To enable Network scanning  Login and go to Services - Scan to Home - General Set the configuration for Scan to Home as it is below    ","[59, 3, 60, 783]","[1078, 1083]","Authentication System Authentication System Authentication System Authentication System Authentication System Authentication System Authentication System Authentication System Authentication System Authentication System   Wednesday, March 20, 2013 7:55 AM First login as admin and then go to properties Navigate to the security folder - Authentication Configuration as highlighted below.  In the screen shot below. Make sure they are checked as below. Then click next. Then Select Kerberos Server      In the Kerberos Server section, make sure that the primary and secondary servers are filled in exactly  like below. For the ports you can use 389 or 636. PA508DCNS1.gmaccm.com PA401DCNS2.gmaccm.com           LDAP Configuration Wednesday, March 20, 2013 8:06 AM For the LDAP Server configuration go to Connectivity- protocols- LDAP- LDAP Server. Make sure the server address are put in as below. Search Directory Root: dc=gmaccm,dc=com Login - System Username is gmaccm\xeroxwc Password= ask Frank Ruffino The rest of the setting make sure they are as below.      SMTP Configuration Wednesday, March 20, 2013 8:33 AM Set the SMTP Config as below. SMTP Login creds are set to None. Login Creds for sending Emails Username = xeroxwc Password = ask Frank      Scan 2 Home  Wednesday, March 20, 2013 8:37 AM To enable Network scanning  Login and go to Services - Scan to Home - General Set the configuration for Scan to Home as it is below    ","authentication system authentication system authentication system authentication system authentication system authentication system authentication system authentication system authentication system authentication system wednesday, march 20, 2013 7:55 first login admin go properties navigate security folder - authentication configuration highlight below. screen shoot below. make sure check below. click next. select kerberos server kerberos server section, make sure primary secondary servers fill exactly like below. port use 389 636. pa508dcns1.gmaccm.com pa401dcns2.gmaccm.com ldap configuration wednesday, march 20, 2013 8:06 ldap server configuration go connectivity- protocols- ldap- ldap server. make sure server address put below. search directory root: dc=gmaccm,dc=com login - system username gmaccm\xeroxwc password= ask frank ruffino rest set make sure below. smtp configuration wednesday, march 20, 2013 8:33 set smtp config below. smtp login creds set none. login creds send email username = xeroxwc password = ask frank scan 2 home wednesday, march 20, 2013 8:37 enable network scan login go service - scan home - general set configuration scan home","Authentication System Authentication System   Wednesday, March 20, 2013 7:55 AM First login as admin and then go to properties Navigate to the security folder - Authentication Configuration as highlighted below.  In the screen shot below. Make sure they are checked as below. Then click next. Then Select Kerberos Server      In the Kerberos Server section, make sure that the primary and secondary servers are filled in exactly  like below. For the ports you can use 389 or 636. PA508DCNS1.gmaccm.com PA401DCNS2.gmaccm.com           LDAP Configuration Wednesday, March 20, 2013 8:06 AM For the LDAP Server configuration go to Connectivity- protocols- LDAP- LDAP Server. Make sure the server address are put in as below. Search Directory Root: dc=gmaccm,dc=com Login - System Username is gmaccm\xeroxwc Password= ask Frank Ruffino The rest of the setting make sure they are as below.      SMTP Configuration Wednesday, March 20, 2013 8:33 AM Set the SMTP Config as below. SMTP Login creds are set to None. Login Creds for sending Emails Username = xeroxwc Password = ask Frank      Scan 2 Home  Wednesday, March 20, 2013 8:37 AM To enable Network scanning  Login and go to Services - Scan to Home - General Set the configuration for Scan to Home as it is below    ","authentication system authentication system wednesday, march 20, 2013 7:55 first login admin go properties navigate security folder - authentication configuration highlight below. screen shoot below. make sure check below. click next. select kerberos server kerberos server section, make sure primary secondary servers fill exactly like below. port use 389 636. pa508dcns1.gmaccm.com pa401dcns2.gmaccm.com ldap configuration wednesday, march 20, 2013 8:06 ldap server configuration go connectivity- protocols- ldap- ldap server. make sure server address put below. search directory root: dc=gmaccm,dc=com login - system username gmaccm\xeroxwc password= ask frank ruffino rest set make sure below. smtp configuration wednesday, march 20, 2013 8:33 set smtp config below. smtp login creds set none. login creds send email username = xeroxwc password = ask frank scan 2 home wednesday, march 20, 2013 8:37 enable network scan login go service - scan home - general set configuration scan home"
75,Backup and Restore," Monday, June 24, 2013 8:38 AM Backup and Restore Internet Explorer’s Trusted Sites List If you’ve used a computer on a corporate network you’ve likely had to add a website to your trusted  sites list because it just wouldn’t work otherwise. After a while, you end up with a mess of sites in your  Trusted sites list… so how do you transfer those to a new computer without retyping them? Like most everything else in Windows, there’s a quick way you can do so in the registry by backing up  a single key, which we’ll cover for you today. What Are We Backing Up Again? For those of you that don’t know what we’re talking about, if you go to the Security tab under Internet  Options, you’ll see a Trusted sites icon in the list.  Selecting that icon and then the Sites button will bring up a dialog which will allow you to add or  remove sites from the zone.      For the purposes of this example, I used a clean computer that only had howtogeek.com added to the  list, which would be silly to backup via the registry… this should really be used for machines with a  long list. Backing Up Via Regedit Open up regedit.exe through the start menu search or run box and navigate down to the following  key:  HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Internet Settings\ZoneMap \Domains Right-click on the Domains key and choose Export, and then give the file a useful name. You can  then transfer it over to any other computer you’d like. Importing the Backup This is as simple as double-clicking on the file on any machine that you want to restore that list on.  Remember that it will potentially wipe out entries currently on that machine you are restoring over and  replace them with the backup copy.      replace them with the backup copy. As you can see, I was able to take the backup file from my Vista machine and restore it onto my XP  machine: This is probably most useful for somebody in IT… easy way to add all the corporate web apps just  once to the trusted sites list.    ","[72, 0, 72, 779]","[447, 449]","Backup and Restore Backup and Restore Backup and Restore Backup and Restore Backup and Restore Backup and Restore Backup and Restore Backup and Restore Backup and Restore Backup and Restore   Monday, June 24, 2013 8:38 AM Backup and Restore Internet Explorer’s Trusted Sites List If you’ve used a computer on a corporate network you’ve likely had to add a website to your trusted  sites list because it just wouldn’t work otherwise. After a while, you end up with a mess of sites in your  Trusted sites list… so how do you transfer those to a new computer without retyping them? Like most everything else in Windows, there’s a quick way you can do so in the registry by backing up  a single key, which we’ll cover for you today. What Are We Backing Up Again? For those of you that don’t know what we’re talking about, if you go to the Security tab under Internet  Options, you’ll see a Trusted sites icon in the list.  Selecting that icon and then the Sites button will bring up a dialog which will allow you to add or  remove sites from the zone.      For the purposes of this example, I used a clean computer that only had howtogeek.com added to the  list, which would be silly to backup via the registry… this should really be used for machines with a  long list. Backing Up Via Regedit Open up regedit.exe through the start menu search or run box and navigate down to the following  key:  HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Internet Settings\ZoneMap \Domains Right-click on the Domains key and choose Export, and then give the file a useful name. You can  then transfer it over to any other computer you’d like. Importing the Backup This is as simple as double-clicking on the file on any machine that you want to restore that list on.  Remember that it will potentially wipe out entries currently on that machine you are restoring over and  replace them with the backup copy.      replace them with the backup copy. As you can see, I was able to take the backup file from my Vista machine and restore it onto my XP  machine: This is probably most useful for somebody in IT… easy way to add all the corporate web apps just  once to the trusted sites list.    ","backup restore backup restore backup restore backup restore backup restore backup restore backup restore backup restore backup restore backup restore monday, june 24, 2013 8:38 backup restore internet explorer’s trust sit list you’ve use computer corporate network you’ve likely add website trust sit list wouldn’t work otherwise. while, end mess sit trust sit list… transfer new computer without retyping them like everything else windows, there’s quick way registry back single key, we’ll cover today. back again don’t know we’re talk about, go security tab internet options, you’ll see trust sit icon list. select icon sit button bring dialog allow add remove sit zone. purpose example, use clean computer howtogeek.com add list, would silly backup via registry… really use machine long list. back via regedit open regedit.exe start menu search run box navigate follow key: hkey_current_user\software\microsoft\windows\currentversion\internet settings\zonemap \domains right-click domains key choose export, give file useful name. transfer computer you’d like. import backup simple double-clicking file machine want restore list on. remember potentially wipe entries currently machine restore replace backup copy. replace backup copy. see, able take backup file vista machine restore onto xp machine: probably useful somebody it… easy way add corporate web apps trust sit list.","Backup and Restore Backup and Restore   Monday, June 24, 2013 8:38 AM Backup and Restore Internet Explorer’s Trusted Sites List If you’ve used a computer on a corporate network you’ve likely had to add a website to your trusted  sites list because it just wouldn’t work otherwise. After a while, you end up with a mess of sites in your  Trusted sites list… so how do you transfer those to a new computer without retyping them? Like most everything else in Windows, there’s a quick way you can do so in the registry by backing up  a single key, which we’ll cover for you today. What Are We Backing Up Again? For those of you that don’t know what we’re talking about, if you go to the Security tab under Internet  Options, you’ll see a Trusted sites icon in the list.  Selecting that icon and then the Sites button will bring up a dialog which will allow you to add or  remove sites from the zone.      For the purposes of this example, I used a clean computer that only had howtogeek.com added to the  list, which would be silly to backup via the registry… this should really be used for machines with a  long list. Backing Up Via Regedit Open up regedit.exe through the start menu search or run box and navigate down to the following  key:  HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Internet Settings\ZoneMap \Domains Right-click on the Domains key and choose Export, and then give the file a useful name. You can  then transfer it over to any other computer you’d like. Importing the Backup This is as simple as double-clicking on the file on any machine that you want to restore that list on.  Remember that it will potentially wipe out entries currently on that machine you are restoring over and  replace them with the backup copy.      replace them with the backup copy. As you can see, I was able to take the backup file from my Vista machine and restore it onto my XP  machine: This is probably most useful for somebody in IT… easy way to add all the corporate web apps just  once to the trusted sites list.    ","backup restore backup restore monday, june 24, 2013 8:38 backup restore internet explorer’s trust sit list you’ve use computer corporate network you’ve likely add website trust sit list wouldn’t work otherwise. while, end mess sit trust sit list… transfer new computer without retyping them like everything else windows, there’s quick way registry back single key, we’ll cover today. back again don’t know we’re talk about, go security tab internet options, you’ll see trust sit icon list. select icon sit button bring dialog allow add remove sit zone. purpose example, use clean computer howtogeek.com add list, would silly backup via registry… really use machine long list. back via regedit open regedit.exe start menu search run box navigate follow key: hkey_current_user\software\microsoft\windows\currentversion\internet settings\zonemap \domains right-click domains key choose export, give file useful name. transfer computer you’d like. import backup simple double-clicking file machine want restore list on. remember potentially wipe entries currently machine restore replace backup copy. replace backup copy. see, able take backup file vista machine restore onto xp machine: probably useful somebody it… easy way add corporate web apps trust sit list."
76,Barco ClickShare," Monday, July 23, 2018 9:32 AM    ","[72, 0, 162, 775]",[851],"Barco ClickShare Barco ClickShare Barco ClickShare Barco ClickShare Barco ClickShare Barco ClickShare Barco ClickShare Barco ClickShare Barco ClickShare Barco ClickShare   Monday, July 23, 2018 9:32 AM    ","barco clickshare barco clickshare barco clickshare barco clickshare barco clickshare barco clickshare barco clickshare barco clickshare barco clickshare barco clickshare monday, july 23, 2018 9:32","Barco ClickShare Barco ClickShare   Monday, July 23, 2018 9:32 AM    ","barco clickshare barco clickshare monday, july 23, 2018 9:32"
77,Barracuda Email Spam Filter," Thursday, December 13, 2012 12:01 PM","[66, 772, 232, 781]",[753],"Barracuda Email Spam Filter Barracuda Email Spam Filter Barracuda Email Spam Filter Barracuda Email Spam Filter Barracuda Email Spam Filter Barracuda Email Spam Filter Barracuda Email Spam Filter Barracuda Email Spam Filter Barracuda Email Spam Filter Barracuda Email Spam Filter   Thursday, December 13, 2012 12:01 PM","barracuda email spam filter barracuda email spam filter barracuda email spam filter barracuda email spam filter barracuda email spam filter barracuda email spam filter barracuda email spam filter barracuda email spam filter barracuda email spam filter barracuda email spam filter thursday, december 13, 2012 12:01 pm","Barracuda Email Spam Filter Barracuda Email Spam Filter   Thursday, December 13, 2012 12:01 PM","barracuda email spam filter barracuda email spam filter thursday, december 13, 2012 12:01 pm"
78,BeTube," Wednesday, January 10, 2018 1:09 PM media.berkadia.com Check with Valerie McNamee for upload permission for BeTube.    ","[72, 0, 193, 775]",[189],"BeTube BeTube BeTube BeTube BeTube BeTube BeTube BeTube BeTube BeTube   Wednesday, January 10, 2018 1:09 PM media.berkadia.com Check with Valerie McNamee for upload permission for BeTube.    ","betube betube betube betube betube betube betube betube betube betube wednesday, january 10, 2018 1:09 pm media.berkadia.com check valerie mcnamee upload permission betube.","BeTube BeTube   Wednesday, January 10, 2018 1:09 PM media.berkadia.com Check with Valerie McNamee for upload permission for BeTube.    ","betube betube wednesday, january 10, 2018 1:09 pm media.berkadia.com check valerie mcnamee upload permission betube."
79,Ben Harris," Sunday, June 26, 2016 3:49 PM 2 x HP EliteDisplay E221 1 x HP Slim Docking station 1 x HP 9480m laptop Microsoft ergonomic wireless keyboard and numberpad Logitech wireless trackball Cisco 7965 phone         ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[957, 958]","Ben Harris Ben Harris Ben Harris Ben Harris Ben Harris Ben Harris Ben Harris Ben Harris Ben Harris Ben Harris   Sunday, June 26, 2016 3:49 PM 2 x HP EliteDisplay E221 1 x HP Slim Docking station 1 x HP 9480m laptop Microsoft ergonomic wireless keyboard and numberpad Logitech wireless trackball Cisco 7965 phone         ","ben harris ben harris ben harris ben harris ben harris ben harris ben harris ben harris ben harris ben harris sunday, june 26, 2016 3:49 pm 2 x hp elitedisplay e221 1 x hp slim dock station 1 x hp 9480m laptop microsoft ergonomic wireless keyboard numberpad logitech wireless trackball cisco 7965 phone","Ben Harris Ben Harris   Sunday, June 26, 2016 3:49 PM 2 x HP EliteDisplay E221 1 x HP Slim Docking station 1 x HP 9480m laptop Microsoft ergonomic wireless keyboard and numberpad Logitech wireless trackball Cisco 7965 phone         ","ben harris ben harris sunday, june 26, 2016 3:49 pm 2 x hp elitedisplay e221 1 x hp slim dock station 1 x hp 9480m laptop microsoft ergonomic wireless keyboard numberpad logitech wireless trackball cisco 7965 phone"
80,Berkadia," Monday, December 10, 2012 2:13 PM From a compatible, updated web browser (Internet Explorer 6+, Firefox 3.5+, Google  Chrome, Safari)  visit: http://mail.berkadia.com Here you will be brought to a page that prompts you to logon to the Berkadia network with  your credentials and then gives access to your Microsoft Outlook mailbox.  Please accept  the legal disclaimer.  Login using the following format:  gmaccm\username    Once  authenticated, you will have a view of your Outlook mailbox via the internet.  You have the  choice of selecting Private or Public when choosing security – Choosing Private will leave  your username populated in the Domain\User name: field. Use:  gmaccm\username             Be sure to never check the remember  credentials box Upon successful login, you will see your mailbox displayed with the available       Upon successful login, you will see your mailbox displayed with the available  mail, calendar, tasks, and contacts.","[69, 773, 69, 679]","[319, 320]","Berkadia Berkadia Berkadia Berkadia Berkadia Berkadia Berkadia Berkadia Berkadia Berkadia   Monday, December 10, 2012 2:13 PM From a compatible, updated web browser (Internet Explorer 6+, Firefox 3.5+, Google  Chrome, Safari)  visit: http://mail.berkadia.com Here you will be brought to a page that prompts you to logon to the Berkadia network with  your credentials and then gives access to your Microsoft Outlook mailbox.  Please accept  the legal disclaimer.  Login using the following format:  gmaccm\username    Once  authenticated, you will have a view of your Outlook mailbox via the internet.  You have the  choice of selecting Private or Public when choosing security – Choosing Private will leave  your username populated in the Domain\User name: field. Use:  gmaccm\username             Be sure to never check the remember  credentials box Upon successful login, you will see your mailbox displayed with the available       Upon successful login, you will see your mailbox displayed with the available  mail, calendar, tasks, and contacts.","berkadia berkadia berkadia berkadia berkadia berkadia berkadia berkadia berkadia berkadia monday, december 10, 2012 2:13 pm compatible, update web browser (internet explorer 6+, firefox 3.5+, google chrome, safari) visit: http://mail.berkadia.com bring page prompt logon berkadia network credentials give access microsoft outlook mailbox. please accept legal disclaimer. login use follow format: gmaccm\username authenticated, view outlook mailbox via internet. choice select private public choose security – choose private leave username populate domain\user name: field. use: gmaccm\username sure never check remember credentials box upon successful login, see mailbox display available upon successful login, see mailbox display available mail, calendar, tasks, contacts.","Berkadia Berkadia   Monday, December 10, 2012 2:13 PM From a compatible, updated web browser (Internet Explorer 6+, Firefox 3.5+, Google  Chrome, Safari)  visit: http://mail.berkadia.com Here you will be brought to a page that prompts you to logon to the Berkadia network with  your credentials and then gives access to your Microsoft Outlook mailbox.  Please accept  the legal disclaimer.  Login using the following format:  gmaccm\username    Once  authenticated, you will have a view of your Outlook mailbox via the internet.  You have the  choice of selecting Private or Public when choosing security – Choosing Private will leave  your username populated in the Domain\User name: field. Use:  gmaccm\username             Be sure to never check the remember  credentials box Upon successful login, you will see your mailbox displayed with the available       Upon successful login, you will see your mailbox displayed with the available  mail, calendar, tasks, and contacts.","berkadia berkadia monday, december 10, 2012 2:13 pm compatible, update web browser (internet explorer 6+, firefox 3.5+, google chrome, safari) visit: http://mail.berkadia.com bring page prompt logon berkadia network credentials give access microsoft outlook mailbox. please accept legal disclaimer. login use follow format: gmaccm\username authenticated, view outlook mailbox via internet. choice select private public choose security – choose private leave username populate domain\user name: field. use: gmaccm\username sure never check remember credentials box upon successful login, see mailbox display available upon successful login, see mailbox display available mail, calendar, tasks, contacts."
81,Berkadia Remote Access," 1:54 PM Monday, December 10, 2012 Manually importing a certificate These particular instructions are intended to fix the issue below when attempting to connect  to an application through https://remote.berkadia.com Download the cert - https://support.comodo.com/index.php? _m=downloads&_a=viewdownload&downloaditemid=101&nav=0,1,5 1. Click the Install Certificate button 2. Click Next     3. Select Place all certificates in the following store and click Browse 4. Check Show physical stores, expand Intermediate Certification Authorities, select Local  Computer and click OK     5. Click Finish      Remote Access Security Groups amd Apps Monday, December 10, 2012 1:56 PM RDWeb App Security Groups Netilla Group (If applicable) Description BCM Terminal Server Users Netilla - Users Berkadia BCM Terminal Server Users - ACS N/A RDGateway Users Netilla - RDP TS Apps - Manilla CRM Users TS Apps - Manilla Insurance  Users TS Apps - Manilla Insurance  Users (Limited) TS App - Access 2007 N/A N/A N/A N/A Provides login access to RDWeb and allows users to launch web applications on RDINT  Berkadia Terminal Server Farm.  Users in this group have default access to All Office 2010  apps, Communicator, Viewpoint, Shared and Home drives  Provides login access to RDWeb and allows users to launch web applications on RDEXT  ACS Terminal Server Farm Gives users to ability to remote to an office computer via the Remote Desktop tab on  RDWeb Allows access to all (Third Party) apps for CRM users in Manilla Allows access to all (Third Party) apps for Insurance users in Manilla Allows access to specific (Third Party) apps for Insurance users in Manilla Allows access to Access 2007 application for potential Access 2010 compatability issues TS App - ACH TS App - AIMS TS App - Argus Netilla - EPM Apps Allows access to ACH Automation TS application N/A Allows access to AIMS application - http://aims.berkadia.com Netilla - Argus - PLG; Netilla - Argus India Allows access to Argus application TS App - Asset Surveillance TS App - Bottomline TS App - Bottomline Admin TS App - CAG Workbench TS App - CARD N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Allows access to Asset Surveillance TS Application Allows access to Bottomline TS Application - http://gcmblpap/wsapp/ Allows access to Bottomline Admin TS Application - http://gcmblpap/wsadmin Allows access to CAG Wokbench TS Application - http://gcmidmcag/eidm.ui.web.cag/CAGMainMenu.aspx Allows access to CARD TS Application TS App - CheckFree Netilla - CheckFree Allows access to CheckFree TS application TS App - CheckFree QA Netilla - CheckFree QA Allows access to CheckFree QA TS application TS App - Cognos N/A Allows access to Cognos TS Application - http://bcmapps.berkadia.com/CARD TS App - DataMirror Netilla - DataMirror Allows access to DataMirror TS Application Netilla - EPM Allows access to EPM TS Application - http://dms.eidm.com/eidm.ui.web/login.aspx Allows access to Excel 2007 application for use with nVision Drill Down (Drill to PIA) Add- in Allows access to FHLMC TS Application - https://fhlmc.berkadia.com/FinStatRev/SitePages/Home.aspx Allows access to Green Screen 12B TS Application (s104lm4m) TS App - EPM TS App - Excel 2007 TS App - FHLMC N/A N/A TS App - Green Screen 12B Netilla - McCracken Green  Screen TS App - Green Screen 12B  BerkDev TS App - Green Screen 12B  Dal400 Netilla - Green Screen BerkDev Allows access to Green Screen 12B BerkDev TS Application (berkdev) Netilla - Green Screen Dal400 Allows access to Green Screen 12B Dal400 TS Application (dal400) TS App - Green Screen 12B Test Netilla - Green Screen Test Allows access to Green Screen 12B Test TS Application (berktest) TS App - iDeal Netilla - iDeal Allows access to iDeal TS Application - http://ideal/ideal/home.aspx TS App - Investor Query TS App - InvestorView TS App - IRDDB TS App - IWT TS App - LoanView TS App - Reserve Analytics TS App - RUDI TS App - SmartView N/A N/A N/A Allows access to Investor Query TS Application - https://investorquery.berkadia.com Allows access to InvestorView TS Application - https://investorview.berkadia.com/ Allows access to IRDDB TS Application - http://bcmapps.berkadia.com/irddb/ Netilla - EPM Apps Allows access to IWT TS application N/A N/A N/A N/A Allows access to LoanView TS Application - https://loanview.berkadia.com/ Allows access to Reserve Analytics TS Application - http://gcmsharepoint.gmaccm.com/1Loan/Reserve1/default.aspx Allows access to RUDI TS Application Allows access to SmartView TS Application - http://pa508wwwp0.gmaccm.com/cognos8 TS App - Strategy CS Netilla - Strategy Allows access to Strategy CS TS Application TS App - SWA Netilla - SWA Allows access to Servicing Workflow Application TS application      Monday, December 10, 2012 1:57 PM Support – Checking logon sessions and remote controlling a user In order to provide remote assistance, you will need to use Communicator as discussed. If you want to know which server a user is logged on to use the Remote Desktop Services Manager tool.  1. Right-click the root of Remote Desktop Services Manager and select Import from RD  Connection Broker Type in PA508TSBROKER and that will add all of the RDGateway farms that are in the  environment Click the root of the farm to see all server logon sessions 2. 3. See below for list of all RDGateway farms and sessions hosts (terminal servers) that are currently in  the environment. RDEXT (ACS Production) PA508TSEXT1 PA508TSEXT2 PA508TSEXT3 PA401TSEXT1 PA401TSEXT2 PA401TSEXT3 RDINT (BCM Prod) PA508TSINT1 PA508TSINT2 PA508TSINT3 PA401TSINT1 PA401TSINT2 PA401TSINT3 RDIND (India Test) to be removed PA508TSHYD1      PA508TSHYD1 PA401TSHYD2 TSEXTU (ACS Test) to be removed PA508TSEXTU1 PA401TSEXTU1      Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:22 AM Configuring iTap – For Mac Users Only RemoteApps from https://remote.berkadia.com are not accessible from a Mac computer  but users can use the Remote Desktop function to connect to their office computer by  purchasing and installing a utility called iTap.  Please follow the instructions below to  configure iTap. 1. 2. Purchase and install iTap - http://itap-mobile.com/desktop/rdp Once installed, open iTap and click the New button in the upper left hand corner 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. In the Label textbox, give the connection a name (e.g. My Work Computer) In the Host name textbox, type the name of your office computer (e.g. PA508BMEYERSL) In the Username textbox, type your network username In the Password textbox, type your network password In the Domain textbox, type gmaccm Note: If for any reason your settings do not match the settings below, outside of what is  mentioned above, please change them accordingly Click the  button in the lower right hand corner next to the Gateway dropdown box     9. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 15. Click the  button in the lower left hand corner to add a new Gateway connection In the Label textbox, give the connection a name (e.g. TS Gateway) In the Hostname textbox, type rdgateway.berkadia.com In the Username textbox, type your network username In the Password textbox, type your network password Note: When you change your network password, you will need to edit this section again and  update the password here as well In the Domain textbox, type gmaccm Note: If for any reason your settings do not match the settings below, outside of what is  mentioned above, please change them accordingly Close the window by clicking the red X in the far upper left hand corner     16. 17. Click the Gateway drop down at the bottom and select the connection you just created (e.g.  TS Gateway) Close the window by clicking the red X in the far upper left hand corner 18. Click the Start button     19. The connection will start… 20. If you receive a certificate warning, please click the Continue button. If you require additional assistance, please contact the Helpdesk at  1-888-975-4357 or help.desk@berkadia.com    ","[72, 0, 72, 715]","[480, 489]","Berkadia Remote Access Berkadia Remote Access Berkadia Remote Access Berkadia Remote Access Berkadia Remote Access Berkadia Remote Access Berkadia Remote Access Berkadia Remote Access Berkadia Remote Access Berkadia Remote Access   1:54 PM Monday, December 10, 2012 Manually importing a certificate These particular instructions are intended to fix the issue below when attempting to connect  to an application through https://remote.berkadia.com Download the cert - https://support.comodo.com/index.php? _m=downloads&_a=viewdownload&downloaditemid=101&nav=0,1,5 1. Click the Install Certificate button 2. Click Next     3. Select Place all certificates in the following store and click Browse 4. Check Show physical stores, expand Intermediate Certification Authorities, select Local  Computer and click OK     5. Click Finish      Remote Access Security Groups amd Apps Monday, December 10, 2012 1:56 PM RDWeb App Security Groups Netilla Group (If applicable) Description BCM Terminal Server Users Netilla - Users Berkadia BCM Terminal Server Users - ACS N/A RDGateway Users Netilla - RDP TS Apps - Manilla CRM Users TS Apps - Manilla Insurance  Users TS Apps - Manilla Insurance  Users (Limited) TS App - Access 2007 N/A N/A N/A N/A Provides login access to RDWeb and allows users to launch web applications on RDINT  Berkadia Terminal Server Farm.  Users in this group have default access to All Office 2010  apps, Communicator, Viewpoint, Shared and Home drives  Provides login access to RDWeb and allows users to launch web applications on RDEXT  ACS Terminal Server Farm Gives users to ability to remote to an office computer via the Remote Desktop tab on  RDWeb Allows access to all (Third Party) apps for CRM users in Manilla Allows access to all (Third Party) apps for Insurance users in Manilla Allows access to specific (Third Party) apps for Insurance users in Manilla Allows access to Access 2007 application for potential Access 2010 compatability issues TS App - ACH TS App - AIMS TS App - Argus Netilla - EPM Apps Allows access to ACH Automation TS application N/A Allows access to AIMS application - http://aims.berkadia.com Netilla - Argus - PLG; Netilla - Argus India Allows access to Argus application TS App - Asset Surveillance TS App - Bottomline TS App - Bottomline Admin TS App - CAG Workbench TS App - CARD N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Allows access to Asset Surveillance TS Application Allows access to Bottomline TS Application - http://gcmblpap/wsapp/ Allows access to Bottomline Admin TS Application - http://gcmblpap/wsadmin Allows access to CAG Wokbench TS Application - http://gcmidmcag/eidm.ui.web.cag/CAGMainMenu.aspx Allows access to CARD TS Application TS App - CheckFree Netilla - CheckFree Allows access to CheckFree TS application TS App - CheckFree QA Netilla - CheckFree QA Allows access to CheckFree QA TS application TS App - Cognos N/A Allows access to Cognos TS Application - http://bcmapps.berkadia.com/CARD TS App - DataMirror Netilla - DataMirror Allows access to DataMirror TS Application Netilla - EPM Allows access to EPM TS Application - http://dms.eidm.com/eidm.ui.web/login.aspx Allows access to Excel 2007 application for use with nVision Drill Down (Drill to PIA) Add- in Allows access to FHLMC TS Application - https://fhlmc.berkadia.com/FinStatRev/SitePages/Home.aspx Allows access to Green Screen 12B TS Application (s104lm4m) TS App - EPM TS App - Excel 2007 TS App - FHLMC N/A N/A TS App - Green Screen 12B Netilla - McCracken Green  Screen TS App - Green Screen 12B  BerkDev TS App - Green Screen 12B  Dal400 Netilla - Green Screen BerkDev Allows access to Green Screen 12B BerkDev TS Application (berkdev) Netilla - Green Screen Dal400 Allows access to Green Screen 12B Dal400 TS Application (dal400) TS App - Green Screen 12B Test Netilla - Green Screen Test Allows access to Green Screen 12B Test TS Application (berktest) TS App - iDeal Netilla - iDeal Allows access to iDeal TS Application - http://ideal/ideal/home.aspx TS App - Investor Query TS App - InvestorView TS App - IRDDB TS App - IWT TS App - LoanView TS App - Reserve Analytics TS App - RUDI TS App - SmartView N/A N/A N/A Allows access to Investor Query TS Application - https://investorquery.berkadia.com Allows access to InvestorView TS Application - https://investorview.berkadia.com/ Allows access to IRDDB TS Application - http://bcmapps.berkadia.com/irddb/ Netilla - EPM Apps Allows access to IWT TS application N/A N/A N/A N/A Allows access to LoanView TS Application - https://loanview.berkadia.com/ Allows access to Reserve Analytics TS Application - http://gcmsharepoint.gmaccm.com/1Loan/Reserve1/default.aspx Allows access to RUDI TS Application Allows access to SmartView TS Application - http://pa508wwwp0.gmaccm.com/cognos8 TS App - Strategy CS Netilla - Strategy Allows access to Strategy CS TS Application TS App - SWA Netilla - SWA Allows access to Servicing Workflow Application TS application      Monday, December 10, 2012 1:57 PM Support – Checking logon sessions and remote controlling a user In order to provide remote assistance, you will need to use Communicator as discussed. If you want to know which server a user is logged on to use the Remote Desktop Services Manager tool.  1. Right-click the root of Remote Desktop Services Manager and select Import from RD  Connection Broker Type in PA508TSBROKER and that will add all of the RDGateway farms that are in the  environment Click the root of the farm to see all server logon sessions 2. 3. See below for list of all RDGateway farms and sessions hosts (terminal servers) that are currently in  the environment. RDEXT (ACS Production) PA508TSEXT1 PA508TSEXT2 PA508TSEXT3 PA401TSEXT1 PA401TSEXT2 PA401TSEXT3 RDINT (BCM Prod) PA508TSINT1 PA508TSINT2 PA508TSINT3 PA401TSINT1 PA401TSINT2 PA401TSINT3 RDIND (India Test) to be removed PA508TSHYD1      PA508TSHYD1 PA401TSHYD2 TSEXTU (ACS Test) to be removed PA508TSEXTU1 PA401TSEXTU1      Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:22 AM Configuring iTap – For Mac Users Only RemoteApps from https://remote.berkadia.com are not accessible from a Mac computer  but users can use the Remote Desktop function to connect to their office computer by  purchasing and installing a utility called iTap.  Please follow the instructions below to  configure iTap. 1. 2. Purchase and install iTap - http://itap-mobile.com/desktop/rdp Once installed, open iTap and click the New button in the upper left hand corner 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. In the Label textbox, give the connection a name (e.g. My Work Computer) In the Host name textbox, type the name of your office computer (e.g. PA508BMEYERSL) In the Username textbox, type your network username In the Password textbox, type your network password In the Domain textbox, type gmaccm Note: If for any reason your settings do not match the settings below, outside of what is  mentioned above, please change them accordingly Click the  button in the lower right hand corner next to the Gateway dropdown box     9. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 15. Click the  button in the lower left hand corner to add a new Gateway connection In the Label textbox, give the connection a name (e.g. TS Gateway) In the Hostname textbox, type rdgateway.berkadia.com In the Username textbox, type your network username In the Password textbox, type your network password Note: When you change your network password, you will need to edit this section again and  update the password here as well In the Domain textbox, type gmaccm Note: If for any reason your settings do not match the settings below, outside of what is  mentioned above, please change them accordingly Close the window by clicking the red X in the far upper left hand corner     16. 17. Click the Gateway drop down at the bottom and select the connection you just created (e.g.  TS Gateway) Close the window by clicking the red X in the far upper left hand corner 18. Click the Start button     19. The connection will start… 20. If you receive a certificate warning, please click the Continue button. If you require additional assistance, please contact the Helpdesk at  1-888-975-4357 or help.desk@berkadia.com    ","berkadia remote access berkadia remote access berkadia remote access berkadia remote access berkadia remote access berkadia remote access berkadia remote access berkadia remote access berkadia remote access berkadia remote access 1:54 pm monday, december 10, 2012 manually import certificate particular instructions intend fix issue attempt connect application https://remote.berkadia.com download cert - https://support.comodo.com/index.php _m=downloads&_a=viewdownload&downloaditemid=101&nav=0,1,5 1. click install certificate button 2. click next 3. select place certificate follow store click browse 4. check show physical stores, expand intermediate certification authorities, select local computer click ok 5. click finish remote access security group amd apps monday, december 10, 2012 1:56 pm rdweb app security group netilla group (if applicable) description bcm terminal server users netilla - users berkadia bcm terminal server users - acs n/a rdgateway users netilla - rdp ts apps - manilla crm users ts apps - manilla insurance users ts apps - manilla insurance users (limited) ts app - access 2007 n/a n/a n/a n/a provide login access rdweb allow users launch web applications rdint berkadia terminal server farm. users group default access office 2010 apps, communicator, viewpoint, share home drive provide login access rdweb allow users launch web applications rdext acs terminal server farm give users ability remote office computer via remote desktop tab rdweb allow access (third party) apps crm users manilla allow access (third party) apps insurance users manilla allow access specific (third party) apps insurance users manilla allow access access 2007 application potential access 2010 compatability issue ts app - ach ts app - aim ts app - argus netilla - epm apps allow access ach automation ts application n/a allow access aim application - http://aims.berkadia.com netilla - argus - plg; netilla - argus india allow access argus application ts app - asset surveillance ts app - bottomline ts app - bottomline admin ts app - cag workbench ts app - card n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a allow access asset surveillance ts application allow access bottomline ts application - http://gcmblpap/wsapp/ allow access bottomline admin ts application - http://gcmblpap/wsadmin allow access cag wokbench ts application - http://gcmidmcag/eidm.ui.web.cag/cagmainmenu.aspx allow access card ts application ts app - checkfree netilla - checkfree allow access checkfree ts application ts app - checkfree qa netilla - checkfree qa allow access checkfree qa ts application ts app - cognos n/a allow access cognos ts application - http://bcmapps.berkadia.com/card ts app - datamirror netilla - datamirror allow access datamirror ts application netilla - epm allow access epm ts application - http://dms.eidm.com/eidm.ui.web/login.aspx allow access excel 2007 application use nvision drill (drill pia) add- allow access fhlmc ts application - https://fhlmc.berkadia.com/finstatrev/sitepages/home.aspx allow access green screen 12b ts application (s104lm4m) ts app - epm ts app - excel 2007 ts app - fhlmc n/a n/a ts app - green screen 12b netilla - mccracken green screen ts app - green screen 12b berkdev ts app - green screen 12b dal400 netilla - green screen berkdev allow access green screen 12b berkdev ts application (berkdev) netilla - green screen dal400 allow access green screen 12b dal400 ts application (dal400) ts app - green screen 12b test netilla - green screen test allow access green screen 12b test ts application (berktest) ts app - ideal netilla - ideal allow access ideal ts application - http://ideal/ideal/home.aspx ts app - investor query ts app - investorview ts app - irddb ts app - iwt ts app - loanview ts app - reserve analytics ts app - rudi ts app - smartview n/a n/a n/a allow access investor query ts application - https://investorquery.berkadia.com allow access investorview ts application - https://investorview.berkadia.com/ allow access irddb ts application - http://bcmapps.berkadia.com/irddb/ netilla - epm apps allow access iwt ts application n/a n/a n/a n/a allow access loanview ts application - https://loanview.berkadia.com/ allow access reserve analytics ts application - http://gcmsharepoint.gmaccm.com/1loan/reserve1/default.aspx allow access rudi ts application allow access smartview ts application - http://pa508wwwp0.gmaccm.com/cognos8 ts app - strategy cs netilla - strategy allow access strategy cs ts application ts app - swa netilla - swa allow access service workflow application ts application monday, december 10, 2012 1:57 pm support – check logon sessions remote control user order provide remote assistance, need use communicator discussed. want know server user log use remote desktop service manager tool. 1. right-click root remote desktop service manager select import rd connection broker type pa508tsbroker add rdgateway farm environment click root farm see server logon sessions 2. 3. see list rdgateway farm sessions host (terminal servers) currently environment. rdext (acs production) pa508tsext1 pa508tsext2 pa508tsext3 pa401tsext1 pa401tsext2 pa401tsext3 rdint (bcm prod) pa508tsint1 pa508tsint2 pa508tsint3 pa401tsint1 pa401tsint2 pa401tsint3 rdind (india test) remove pa508tshyd1 pa508tshyd1 pa401tshyd2 tsextu (acs test) remove pa508tsextu1 pa401tsextu1 thursday, december 13, 2012 11:22 configure itap – mac users remoteapps https://remote.berkadia.com accessible mac computer users use remote desktop function connect office computer purchase instal utility call itap. please follow instructions configure itap. 1. 2. purchase install itap - http://itap-mobile.com/desktop/rdp installed, open itap click new button upper leave hand corner 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. label textbox, give connection name (e.g. work computer) host name textbox, type name office computer (e.g. pa508bmeyersl) username textbox, type network username password textbox, type network password domain textbox, type gmaccm note: reason settings match settings below, outside mention above, please change accordingly click button lower right hand corner next gateway dropdown box 9. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 15. click button lower leave hand corner add new gateway connection label textbox, give connection name (e.g. ts gateway) hostname textbox, type rdgateway.berkadia.com username textbox, type network username password textbox, type network password note: change network password, need edit section update password well domain textbox, type gmaccm note: reason settings match settings below, outside mention above, please change accordingly close window click red x far upper leave hand corner 16. 17. click gateway drop bottom select connection create (e.g. ts gateway) close window click red x far upper leave hand corner 18. click start button 19. connection start… 20. receive certificate warning, please click continue button. require additional assistance, please contact helpdesk 1-888-975-4357 help.desk@berkadia.com","Berkadia Remote Access Berkadia Remote Access   1:54 PM Monday, December 10, 2012 Manually importing a certificate These particular instructions are intended to fix the issue below when attempting to connect  to an application through https://remote.berkadia.com Download the cert - https://support.comodo.com/index.php? _m=downloads&_a=viewdownload&downloaditemid=101&nav=0,1,5 1. Click the Install Certificate button 2. Click Next     3. Select Place all certificates in the following store and click Browse 4. Check Show physical stores, expand Intermediate Certification Authorities, select Local  Computer and click OK     5. Click Finish      Remote Access Security Groups amd Apps Monday, December 10, 2012 1:56 PM RDWeb App Security Groups Netilla Group (If applicable) Description BCM Terminal Server Users Netilla - Users Berkadia BCM Terminal Server Users - ACS N/A RDGateway Users Netilla - RDP TS Apps - Manilla CRM Users TS Apps - Manilla Insurance  Users TS Apps - Manilla Insurance  Users (Limited) TS App - Access 2007 N/A N/A N/A N/A Provides login access to RDWeb and allows users to launch web applications on RDINT  Berkadia Terminal Server Farm.  Users in this group have default access to All Office 2010  apps, Communicator, Viewpoint, Shared and Home drives  Provides login access to RDWeb and allows users to launch web applications on RDEXT  ACS Terminal Server Farm Gives users to ability to remote to an office computer via the Remote Desktop tab on  RDWeb Allows access to all (Third Party) apps for CRM users in Manilla Allows access to all (Third Party) apps for Insurance users in Manilla Allows access to specific (Third Party) apps for Insurance users in Manilla Allows access to Access 2007 application for potential Access 2010 compatability issues TS App - ACH TS App - AIMS TS App - Argus Netilla - EPM Apps Allows access to ACH Automation TS application N/A Allows access to AIMS application - http://aims.berkadia.com Netilla - Argus - PLG; Netilla - Argus India Allows access to Argus application TS App - Asset Surveillance TS App - Bottomline TS App - Bottomline Admin TS App - CAG Workbench TS App - CARD N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Allows access to Asset Surveillance TS Application Allows access to Bottomline TS Application - http://gcmblpap/wsapp/ Allows access to Bottomline Admin TS Application - http://gcmblpap/wsadmin Allows access to CAG Wokbench TS Application - http://gcmidmcag/eidm.ui.web.cag/CAGMainMenu.aspx Allows access to CARD TS Application TS App - CheckFree Netilla - CheckFree Allows access to CheckFree TS application TS App - CheckFree QA Netilla - CheckFree QA Allows access to CheckFree QA TS application TS App - Cognos N/A Allows access to Cognos TS Application - http://bcmapps.berkadia.com/CARD TS App - DataMirror Netilla - DataMirror Allows access to DataMirror TS Application Netilla - EPM Allows access to EPM TS Application - http://dms.eidm.com/eidm.ui.web/login.aspx Allows access to Excel 2007 application for use with nVision Drill Down (Drill to PIA) Add- in Allows access to FHLMC TS Application - https://fhlmc.berkadia.com/FinStatRev/SitePages/Home.aspx Allows access to Green Screen 12B TS Application (s104lm4m) TS App - EPM TS App - Excel 2007 TS App - FHLMC N/A N/A TS App - Green Screen 12B Netilla - McCracken Green  Screen TS App - Green Screen 12B  BerkDev TS App - Green Screen 12B  Dal400 Netilla - Green Screen BerkDev Allows access to Green Screen 12B BerkDev TS Application (berkdev) Netilla - Green Screen Dal400 Allows access to Green Screen 12B Dal400 TS Application (dal400) TS App - Green Screen 12B Test Netilla - Green Screen Test Allows access to Green Screen 12B Test TS Application (berktest) TS App - iDeal Netilla - iDeal Allows access to iDeal TS Application - http://ideal/ideal/home.aspx TS App - Investor Query TS App - InvestorView TS App - IRDDB TS App - IWT TS App - LoanView TS App - Reserve Analytics TS App - RUDI TS App - SmartView N/A N/A N/A Allows access to Investor Query TS Application - https://investorquery.berkadia.com Allows access to InvestorView TS Application - https://investorview.berkadia.com/ Allows access to IRDDB TS Application - http://bcmapps.berkadia.com/irddb/ Netilla - EPM Apps Allows access to IWT TS application N/A N/A N/A N/A Allows access to LoanView TS Application - https://loanview.berkadia.com/ Allows access to Reserve Analytics TS Application - http://gcmsharepoint.gmaccm.com/1Loan/Reserve1/default.aspx Allows access to RUDI TS Application Allows access to SmartView TS Application - http://pa508wwwp0.gmaccm.com/cognos8 TS App - Strategy CS Netilla - Strategy Allows access to Strategy CS TS Application TS App - SWA Netilla - SWA Allows access to Servicing Workflow Application TS application      Monday, December 10, 2012 1:57 PM Support – Checking logon sessions and remote controlling a user In order to provide remote assistance, you will need to use Communicator as discussed. If you want to know which server a user is logged on to use the Remote Desktop Services Manager tool.  1. Right-click the root of Remote Desktop Services Manager and select Import from RD  Connection Broker Type in PA508TSBROKER and that will add all of the RDGateway farms that are in the  environment Click the root of the farm to see all server logon sessions 2. 3. See below for list of all RDGateway farms and sessions hosts (terminal servers) that are currently in  the environment. RDEXT (ACS Production) PA508TSEXT1 PA508TSEXT2 PA508TSEXT3 PA401TSEXT1 PA401TSEXT2 PA401TSEXT3 RDINT (BCM Prod) PA508TSINT1 PA508TSINT2 PA508TSINT3 PA401TSINT1 PA401TSINT2 PA401TSINT3 RDIND (India Test) to be removed PA508TSHYD1      PA508TSHYD1 PA401TSHYD2 TSEXTU (ACS Test) to be removed PA508TSEXTU1 PA401TSEXTU1      Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:22 AM Configuring iTap – For Mac Users Only RemoteApps from https://remote.berkadia.com are not accessible from a Mac computer  but users can use the Remote Desktop function to connect to their office computer by  purchasing and installing a utility called iTap.  Please follow the instructions below to  configure iTap. 1. 2. Purchase and install iTap - http://itap-mobile.com/desktop/rdp Once installed, open iTap and click the New button in the upper left hand corner 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. In the Label textbox, give the connection a name (e.g. My Work Computer) In the Host name textbox, type the name of your office computer (e.g. PA508BMEYERSL) In the Username textbox, type your network username In the Password textbox, type your network password In the Domain textbox, type gmaccm Note: If for any reason your settings do not match the settings below, outside of what is  mentioned above, please change them accordingly Click the  button in the lower right hand corner next to the Gateway dropdown box     9. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 15. Click the  button in the lower left hand corner to add a new Gateway connection In the Label textbox, give the connection a name (e.g. TS Gateway) In the Hostname textbox, type rdgateway.berkadia.com In the Username textbox, type your network username In the Password textbox, type your network password Note: When you change your network password, you will need to edit this section again and  update the password here as well In the Domain textbox, type gmaccm Note: If for any reason your settings do not match the settings below, outside of what is  mentioned above, please change them accordingly Close the window by clicking the red X in the far upper left hand corner     16. 17. Click the Gateway drop down at the bottom and select the connection you just created (e.g.  TS Gateway) Close the window by clicking the red X in the far upper left hand corner 18. Click the Start button     19. The connection will start… 20. If you receive a certificate warning, please click the Continue button. If you require additional assistance, please contact the Helpdesk at  1-888-975-4357 or help.desk@berkadia.com    ","berkadia remote access berkadia remote access 1:54 pm monday, december 10, 2012 manually import certificate particular instructions intend fix issue attempt connect application https://remote.berkadia.com download cert - https://support.comodo.com/index.php _m=downloads&_a=viewdownload&downloaditemid=101&nav=0,1,5 1. click install certificate button 2. click next 3. select place certificate follow store click browse 4. check show physical stores, expand intermediate certification authorities, select local computer click ok 5. click finish remote access security group amd apps monday, december 10, 2012 1:56 pm rdweb app security group netilla group (if applicable) description bcm terminal server users netilla - users berkadia bcm terminal server users - acs n/a rdgateway users netilla - rdp ts apps - manilla crm users ts apps - manilla insurance users ts apps - manilla insurance users (limited) ts app - access 2007 n/a n/a n/a n/a provide login access rdweb allow users launch web applications rdint berkadia terminal server farm. users group default access office 2010 apps, communicator, viewpoint, share home drive provide login access rdweb allow users launch web applications rdext acs terminal server farm give users ability remote office computer via remote desktop tab rdweb allow access (third party) apps crm users manilla allow access (third party) apps insurance users manilla allow access specific (third party) apps insurance users manilla allow access access 2007 application potential access 2010 compatability issue ts app - ach ts app - aim ts app - argus netilla - epm apps allow access ach automation ts application n/a allow access aim application - http://aims.berkadia.com netilla - argus - plg; netilla - argus india allow access argus application ts app - asset surveillance ts app - bottomline ts app - bottomline admin ts app - cag workbench ts app - card n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a allow access asset surveillance ts application allow access bottomline ts application - http://gcmblpap/wsapp/ allow access bottomline admin ts application - http://gcmblpap/wsadmin allow access cag wokbench ts application - http://gcmidmcag/eidm.ui.web.cag/cagmainmenu.aspx allow access card ts application ts app - checkfree netilla - checkfree allow access checkfree ts application ts app - checkfree qa netilla - checkfree qa allow access checkfree qa ts application ts app - cognos n/a allow access cognos ts application - http://bcmapps.berkadia.com/card ts app - datamirror netilla - datamirror allow access datamirror ts application netilla - epm allow access epm ts application - http://dms.eidm.com/eidm.ui.web/login.aspx allow access excel 2007 application use nvision drill (drill pia) add- allow access fhlmc ts application - https://fhlmc.berkadia.com/finstatrev/sitepages/home.aspx allow access green screen 12b ts application (s104lm4m) ts app - epm ts app - excel 2007 ts app - fhlmc n/a n/a ts app - green screen 12b netilla - mccracken green screen ts app - green screen 12b berkdev ts app - green screen 12b dal400 netilla - green screen berkdev allow access green screen 12b berkdev ts application (berkdev) netilla - green screen dal400 allow access green screen 12b dal400 ts application (dal400) ts app - green screen 12b test netilla - green screen test allow access green screen 12b test ts application (berktest) ts app - ideal netilla - ideal allow access ideal ts application - http://ideal/ideal/home.aspx ts app - investor query ts app - investorview ts app - irddb ts app - iwt ts app - loanview ts app - reserve analytics ts app - rudi ts app - smartview n/a n/a n/a allow access investor query ts application - https://investorquery.berkadia.com allow access investorview ts application - https://investorview.berkadia.com/ allow access irddb ts application - http://bcmapps.berkadia.com/irddb/ netilla - epm apps allow access iwt ts application n/a n/a n/a n/a allow access loanview ts application - https://loanview.berkadia.com/ allow access reserve analytics ts application - http://gcmsharepoint.gmaccm.com/1loan/reserve1/default.aspx allow access rudi ts application allow access smartview ts application - http://pa508wwwp0.gmaccm.com/cognos8 ts app - strategy cs netilla - strategy allow access strategy cs ts application ts app - swa netilla - swa allow access service workflow application ts application monday, december 10, 2012 1:57 pm support – check logon sessions remote control user order provide remote assistance, need use communicator discussed. want know server user log use remote desktop service manager tool. 1. right-click root remote desktop service manager select import rd connection broker type pa508tsbroker add rdgateway farm environment click root farm see server logon sessions 2. 3. see list rdgateway farm sessions host (terminal servers) currently environment. rdext (acs production) pa508tsext1 pa508tsext2 pa508tsext3 pa401tsext1 pa401tsext2 pa401tsext3 rdint (bcm prod) pa508tsint1 pa508tsint2 pa508tsint3 pa401tsint1 pa401tsint2 pa401tsint3 rdind (india test) remove pa508tshyd1 pa508tshyd1 pa401tshyd2 tsextu (acs test) remove pa508tsextu1 pa401tsextu1 thursday, december 13, 2012 11:22 configure itap – mac users remoteapps https://remote.berkadia.com accessible mac computer users use remote desktop function connect office computer purchase instal utility call itap. please follow instructions configure itap. 1. 2. purchase install itap - http://itap-mobile.com/desktop/rdp installed, open itap click new button upper leave hand corner 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. label textbox, give connection name (e.g. work computer) host name textbox, type name office computer (e.g. pa508bmeyersl) username textbox, type network username password textbox, type network password domain textbox, type gmaccm note: reason settings match settings below, outside mention above, please change accordingly click button lower right hand corner next gateway dropdown box 9. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 15. click button lower leave hand corner add new gateway connection label textbox, give connection name (e.g. ts gateway) hostname textbox, type rdgateway.berkadia.com username textbox, type network username password textbox, type network password note: change network password, need edit section update password well domain textbox, type gmaccm note: reason settings match settings below, outside mention above, please change accordingly close window click red x far upper leave hand corner 16. 17. click gateway drop bottom select connection create (e.g. ts gateway) close window click red x far upper leave hand corner 18. click start button 19. connection start… 20. receive certificate warning, please click continue button. require additional assistance, please contact helpdesk 1-888-975-4357 help.desk@berkadia.com"
82,Berkadia Teleworker Office Extend Access Point (OEAP)," Wednesday, March 16, 2016 10:25 PM The Cisco OEAP is preconfigured to be an extension of the Berkadia network. Once the AP is connected to your  home network, it performs security negotiations and connects with the corporate network. Now any wireless  connections to the wireless profile OEA Wireless (OEA-WiFiN3T!) allows you to access all business applications  and network shares as if you’re in the office.  Using the steps below connect the OEAP to your home network.   1. Remove all contents from the box: power plug, Ethernet cable, stand for the AP, and AP. 2. Every home network will be different, depending on the internet provider you have. Ports on your  router may be different than then the examples shown and may require further assistance from the  Help Desk Team. The pictures below may be similar to your equipment and show various internet  modems and switches that maybe used in your home. At step 4 there are different examples of how the  OEAP should be wired depending on the type of modem you have. Verizon Modem                    Comcast Modem      Comcast Modem                    Comcast Modem Linksys Switch                    Dlink Switch 3. With the blue cable plugged into your cable modem, or switch, plug the other end into the OEAP WAN  port. On the OEAP plug the power cable in, turn the power switch on and plug the  blue cable in to the WAN port.  4. With the blue cable plugged in between the OEAP and the modem, or switch; it should look similar to  the drawing below.                    If you have a single port cable modem plugging into a switch with only a couple devices. You could  replace it with the OEAP, but its recommended to plug the OEAP into your existing switch.               Berkadia Network Internet Connection Wireless Status 5. After the blue cable has been connected to your OEAP and the OEAP powered on, you will start to see a  series of flashing LED icons on the AP. If all cables are connected correctly the Berkadia Network icon  will turn blue, or purple. Desktop Connections 6. If the LEDS show no problems you are ready to connect to the network. The SSID Corporate OEA  Wireless is configured to automatically connect. To confirm it has connected left click the wireless icon  in your system tray   . After clicking the Wireless icon you will see all the SSIDs in the area. If the Corporate OEA Wireless does not show connected, right click on it and then connect. After a  couple seconds of negotiating the network it should show connected. Once in the connected state you  are now able to access network shares, company websites and applications.      are now able to access network shares, company websites and applications. 7. If there are any problems with connectivity the Berkadia network symbol above will show different LED  colors. Status LED Purple Blue Meaning Association Status when connected to Berkadia: Normal operating  condition, no wireless client associated to Berkadia. Association status when connected to Berkadia: Normal operating  condition, at least one wireless client associated. Flashing Blue Flashing Orange Operating Status: Software upgrade in progress. Operating Status: No IP address, waiting for DHCP IP. Cycling blue, orange, and purple Operating Status: Discovery/join process in progress with Berkadia  network, no client associated. Cycling orange and purple Operating Status: Discovery/join process in progress with Berkadia  network, with client associated. Orange Cisco IOS errors: Software failure, try disconnecting and  reconnecting unit power 8. If any issues occur during the setup of your OEAP please contact the help desk at 1-888-975-4357 option  #1, or #8.","[81, 509, 71, 703]","[1137, 1140]","Berkadia Teleworker Office Extend Access Point (OEAP) Berkadia Teleworker Office Extend Access Point (OEAP) Berkadia Teleworker Office Extend Access Point (OEAP) Berkadia Teleworker Office Extend Access Point (OEAP) Berkadia Teleworker Office Extend Access Point (OEAP) Berkadia Teleworker Office Extend Access Point (OEAP) Berkadia Teleworker Office Extend Access Point (OEAP) Berkadia Teleworker Office Extend Access Point (OEAP) Berkadia Teleworker Office Extend Access Point (OEAP) Berkadia Teleworker Office Extend Access Point (OEAP)   Wednesday, March 16, 2016 10:25 PM The Cisco OEAP is preconfigured to be an extension of the Berkadia network. Once the AP is connected to your  home network, it performs security negotiations and connects with the corporate network. Now any wireless  connections to the wireless profile OEA Wireless (OEA-WiFiN3T!) allows you to access all business applications  and network shares as if you’re in the office.  Using the steps below connect the OEAP to your home network.   1. Remove all contents from the box: power plug, Ethernet cable, stand for the AP, and AP. 2. Every home network will be different, depending on the internet provider you have. Ports on your  router may be different than then the examples shown and may require further assistance from the  Help Desk Team. The pictures below may be similar to your equipment and show various internet  modems and switches that maybe used in your home. At step 4 there are different examples of how the  OEAP should be wired depending on the type of modem you have. Verizon Modem                    Comcast Modem      Comcast Modem                    Comcast Modem Linksys Switch                    Dlink Switch 3. With the blue cable plugged into your cable modem, or switch, plug the other end into the OEAP WAN  port. On the OEAP plug the power cable in, turn the power switch on and plug the  blue cable in to the WAN port.  4. With the blue cable plugged in between the OEAP and the modem, or switch; it should look similar to  the drawing below.                    If you have a single port cable modem plugging into a switch with only a couple devices. You could  replace it with the OEAP, but its recommended to plug the OEAP into your existing switch.               Berkadia Network Internet Connection Wireless Status 5. After the blue cable has been connected to your OEAP and the OEAP powered on, you will start to see a  series of flashing LED icons on the AP. If all cables are connected correctly the Berkadia Network icon  will turn blue, or purple. Desktop Connections 6. If the LEDS show no problems you are ready to connect to the network. The SSID Corporate OEA  Wireless is configured to automatically connect. To confirm it has connected left click the wireless icon  in your system tray   . After clicking the Wireless icon you will see all the SSIDs in the area. If the Corporate OEA Wireless does not show connected, right click on it and then connect. After a  couple seconds of negotiating the network it should show connected. Once in the connected state you  are now able to access network shares, company websites and applications.      are now able to access network shares, company websites and applications. 7. If there are any problems with connectivity the Berkadia network symbol above will show different LED  colors. Status LED Purple Blue Meaning Association Status when connected to Berkadia: Normal operating  condition, no wireless client associated to Berkadia. Association status when connected to Berkadia: Normal operating  condition, at least one wireless client associated. Flashing Blue Flashing Orange Operating Status: Software upgrade in progress. Operating Status: No IP address, waiting for DHCP IP. Cycling blue, orange, and purple Operating Status: Discovery/join process in progress with Berkadia  network, no client associated. Cycling orange and purple Operating Status: Discovery/join process in progress with Berkadia  network, with client associated. Orange Cisco IOS errors: Software failure, try disconnecting and  reconnecting unit power 8. If any issues occur during the setup of your OEAP please contact the help desk at 1-888-975-4357 option  #1, or #8.","berkadia teleworker office extend access point (oeap) berkadia teleworker office extend access point (oeap) berkadia teleworker office extend access point (oeap) berkadia teleworker office extend access point (oeap) berkadia teleworker office extend access point (oeap) berkadia teleworker office extend access point (oeap) berkadia teleworker office extend access point (oeap) berkadia teleworker office extend access point (oeap) berkadia teleworker office extend access point (oeap) berkadia teleworker office extend access point (oeap) wednesday, march 16, 2016 10:25 pm cisco oeap preconfigured extension berkadia network. ap connect home network, perform security negotiations connect corporate network. wireless connections wireless profile oea wireless (oea-wifin3t!) allow access business applications network share you’re office. use step connect oeap home network. 1. remove content box: power plug, ethernet cable, stand ap, ap. 2. every home network different, depend internet provider have. port router may different examples show may require assistance help desk team. picture may similar equipment show various internet modems switch maybe use home. step 4 different examples oeap wire depend type modem have. verizon modem comcast modem comcast modem comcast modem linksys switch dlink switch 3. blue cable plug cable modem, switch, plug end oeap wan port. oeap plug power cable in, turn power switch plug blue cable wan port. 4. blue cable plug oeap modem, switch; look similar draw below. single port cable modem plug switch couple devices. could replace oeap, recommend plug oeap exist switch. berkadia network internet connection wireless status 5. blue cable connect oeap oeap power on, start see series flash lead icons ap. cable connect correctly berkadia network icon turn blue, purple. desktop connections 6. leds show problems ready connect network. ssid corporate oea wireless configure automatically connect. confirm connect leave click wireless icon system tray . click wireless icon see ssids area. corporate oea wireless show connected, right click connect. couple second negotiate network show connected. connect state able access network shares, company websites applications. able access network shares, company websites applications. 7. problems connectivity berkadia network symbol show different lead colors. status lead purple blue mean association status connect berkadia: normal operate condition, wireless client associate berkadia. association status connect berkadia: normal operate condition, least one wireless client associated. flash blue flash orange operate status: software upgrade progress. operate status: ip address, wait dhcp ip. cycle blue, orange, purple operate status: discovery/join process progress berkadia network, client associated. cycle orange purple operate status: discovery/join process progress berkadia network, client associated. orange cisco ios errors: software failure, try disconnect reconnecting unit power 8. issue occur setup oeap please contact help desk 1-888-975-4357 option #1, #8.","Berkadia Teleworker Office Extend Access Point (OEAP) Berkadia Teleworker Office Extend Access Point (OEAP)   Wednesday, March 16, 2016 10:25 PM The Cisco OEAP is preconfigured to be an extension of the Berkadia network. Once the AP is connected to your  home network, it performs security negotiations and connects with the corporate network. Now any wireless  connections to the wireless profile OEA Wireless (OEA-WiFiN3T!) allows you to access all business applications  and network shares as if you’re in the office.  Using the steps below connect the OEAP to your home network.   1. Remove all contents from the box: power plug, Ethernet cable, stand for the AP, and AP. 2. Every home network will be different, depending on the internet provider you have. Ports on your  router may be different than then the examples shown and may require further assistance from the  Help Desk Team. The pictures below may be similar to your equipment and show various internet  modems and switches that maybe used in your home. At step 4 there are different examples of how the  OEAP should be wired depending on the type of modem you have. Verizon Modem                    Comcast Modem      Comcast Modem                    Comcast Modem Linksys Switch                    Dlink Switch 3. With the blue cable plugged into your cable modem, or switch, plug the other end into the OEAP WAN  port. On the OEAP plug the power cable in, turn the power switch on and plug the  blue cable in to the WAN port.  4. With the blue cable plugged in between the OEAP and the modem, or switch; it should look similar to  the drawing below.                    If you have a single port cable modem plugging into a switch with only a couple devices. You could  replace it with the OEAP, but its recommended to plug the OEAP into your existing switch.               Berkadia Network Internet Connection Wireless Status 5. After the blue cable has been connected to your OEAP and the OEAP powered on, you will start to see a  series of flashing LED icons on the AP. If all cables are connected correctly the Berkadia Network icon  will turn blue, or purple. Desktop Connections 6. If the LEDS show no problems you are ready to connect to the network. The SSID Corporate OEA  Wireless is configured to automatically connect. To confirm it has connected left click the wireless icon  in your system tray   . After clicking the Wireless icon you will see all the SSIDs in the area. If the Corporate OEA Wireless does not show connected, right click on it and then connect. After a  couple seconds of negotiating the network it should show connected. Once in the connected state you  are now able to access network shares, company websites and applications.      are now able to access network shares, company websites and applications. 7. If there are any problems with connectivity the Berkadia network symbol above will show different LED  colors. Status LED Purple Blue Meaning Association Status when connected to Berkadia: Normal operating  condition, no wireless client associated to Berkadia. Association status when connected to Berkadia: Normal operating  condition, at least one wireless client associated. Flashing Blue Flashing Orange Operating Status: Software upgrade in progress. Operating Status: No IP address, waiting for DHCP IP. Cycling blue, orange, and purple Operating Status: Discovery/join process in progress with Berkadia  network, no client associated. Cycling orange and purple Operating Status: Discovery/join process in progress with Berkadia  network, with client associated. Orange Cisco IOS errors: Software failure, try disconnecting and  reconnecting unit power 8. If any issues occur during the setup of your OEAP please contact the help desk at 1-888-975-4357 option  #1, or #8.","berkadia teleworker office extend access point (oeap) berkadia teleworker office extend access point (oeap) wednesday, march 16, 2016 10:25 pm cisco oeap preconfigured extension berkadia network. ap connect home network, perform security negotiations connect corporate network. wireless connections wireless profile oea wireless (oea-wifin3t!) allow access business applications network share you’re office. use step connect oeap home network. 1. remove content box: power plug, ethernet cable, stand ap, ap. 2. every home network different, depend internet provider have. port router may different examples show may require assistance help desk team. picture may similar equipment show various internet modems switch maybe use home. step 4 different examples oeap wire depend type modem have. verizon modem comcast modem comcast modem comcast modem linksys switch dlink switch 3. blue cable plug cable modem, switch, plug end oeap wan port. oeap plug power cable in, turn power switch plug blue cable wan port. 4. blue cable plug oeap modem, switch; look similar draw below. single port cable modem plug switch couple devices. could replace oeap, recommend plug oeap exist switch. berkadia network internet connection wireless status 5. blue cable connect oeap oeap power on, start see series flash lead icons ap. cable connect correctly berkadia network icon turn blue, purple. desktop connections 6. leds show problems ready connect network. ssid corporate oea wireless configure automatically connect. confirm connect leave click wireless icon system tray . click wireless icon see ssids area. corporate oea wireless show connected, right click connect. couple second negotiate network show connected. connect state able access network shares, company websites applications. able access network shares, company websites applications. 7. problems connectivity berkadia network symbol show different lead colors. status lead purple blue mean association status connect berkadia: normal operate condition, wireless client associate berkadia. association status connect berkadia: normal operate condition, least one wireless client associated. flash blue flash orange operate status: software upgrade progress. operate status: ip address, wait dhcp ip. cycle blue, orange, purple operate status: discovery/join process progress berkadia network, client associated. cycle orange purple operate status: discovery/join process progress berkadia network, client associated. orange cisco ios errors: software failure, try disconnect reconnecting unit power 8. issue occur setup oeap please contact help desk 1-888-975-4357 option #1, #8."
83,Booking a Conference Room," Monday, June 24, 2013 8:39 AM","[72, 769, 220, 779]",[336],"Booking a Conference Room Booking a Conference Room Booking a Conference Room Booking a Conference Room Booking a Conference Room Booking a Conference Room Booking a Conference Room Booking a Conference Room Booking a Conference Room Booking a Conference Room   Monday, June 24, 2013 8:39 AM","book conference room book conference room book conference room book conference room book conference room book conference room book conference room book conference room book conference room book conference room monday, june 24, 2013 8:39","Booking a Conference Room Booking a Conference Room   Monday, June 24, 2013 8:39 AM","book conference room book conference room monday, june 24, 2013 8:39"
84,Boot stuck at 50%," Friday, March 13, 2015 10:30 AM First Reset PRAM 3 times Boot into Single User /sbin/mount/ -uw / rm -rf /System/Library/Cache* rm /private/var/db/BootCache.playlist reboot    ","[72, 0, 165, 779]",[584],"Boot stuck at 50% Boot stuck at 50% Boot stuck at 50% Boot stuck at 50% Boot stuck at 50% Boot stuck at 50% Boot stuck at 50% Boot stuck at 50% Boot stuck at 50% Boot stuck at 50%   Friday, March 13, 2015 10:30 AM First Reset PRAM 3 times Boot into Single User /sbin/mount/ -uw / rm -rf /System/Library/Cache* rm /private/var/db/BootCache.playlist reboot    ","boot stick 50% boot stick 50% boot stick 50% boot stick 50% boot stick 50% boot stick 50% boot stick 50% boot stick 50% boot stick 50% boot stick 50% friday, march 13, 2015 10:30 first reset pram 3 time boot single user /sbin/mount/ -uw / rm -rf /system/library/cache* rm /private/var/db/bootcache.playlist reboot","Boot stuck at 50% Boot stuck at 50%   Friday, March 13, 2015 10:30 AM First Reset PRAM 3 times Boot into Single User /sbin/mount/ -uw / rm -rf /System/Library/Cache* rm /private/var/db/BootCache.playlist reboot    ","boot stick 50% boot stick 50% friday, march 13, 2015 10:30 first reset pram 3 time boot single user /sbin/mount/ -uw / rm -rf /system/library/cache* rm /private/var/db/bootcache.playlist reboot"
85,Brandon McBirney," Sunday, June 26, 2016 6:07 PM 2 x HP EliteDisplay E221 1 x HP Docking station (older 9470 compatible model) 1 x HP 9470m laptop Microsoft USB ergonomic keyboard Cisco 7945 phone    ","[69, 0, 157, 776]",[973],"Brandon McBirney Brandon McBirney Brandon McBirney Brandon McBirney Brandon McBirney Brandon McBirney Brandon McBirney Brandon McBirney Brandon McBirney Brandon McBirney   Sunday, June 26, 2016 6:07 PM 2 x HP EliteDisplay E221 1 x HP Docking station (older 9470 compatible model) 1 x HP 9470m laptop Microsoft USB ergonomic keyboard Cisco 7945 phone    ","brandon mcbirney brandon mcbirney brandon mcbirney brandon mcbirney brandon mcbirney brandon mcbirney brandon mcbirney brandon mcbirney brandon mcbirney brandon mcbirney sunday, june 26, 2016 6:07 pm 2 x hp elitedisplay e221 1 x hp dock station (older 9470 compatible model) 1 x hp 9470m laptop microsoft usb ergonomic keyboard cisco 7945 phone","Brandon McBirney Brandon McBirney   Sunday, June 26, 2016 6:07 PM 2 x HP EliteDisplay E221 1 x HP Docking station (older 9470 compatible model) 1 x HP 9470m laptop Microsoft USB ergonomic keyboard Cisco 7945 phone    ","brandon mcbirney brandon mcbirney sunday, june 26, 2016 6:07 pm 2 x hp elitedisplay e221 1 x hp dock station (older 9470 compatible model) 1 x hp 9470m laptop microsoft usb ergonomic keyboard cisco 7945 phone"
86,CD Burn Process for Data Release," Tuesday, August 30, 2016 2:26 PM Initially all CD burn requests are sent to the security mailbox, they in turn are handed over to  IDM support.  IDM support will then most often save the requested files to \\PA508prodsupts1 \CDBurnRequests Check the notes of the ticket for confirmation and further info. This is an example of the notes contained in a CD burn request: You can see the path of the files, and the user that the media must be handed over to. You will then need to temporarily copy the entire folder specified to your local computer,  using the example above it would be “IDM137058.” You can then then right-click the folder you’ve just copied to your local computer. Select 7- Zip->Add to archive from the drop down and depicted below:      You’ll then be presented with this 7-zip window: Note the fields selected above. We have specified the IDM number, we’ve selected “.7z” file as  the archive format and we’ve changed the encryption method to “AES-256.” For the password  field we need to generate a complex password. There are multiple sources to do so including  this site: https://identitysafe.norton.com/password-generator      Once you click “Generate Password” you’ll be presented with a 14 character, complex  password. Copy and paste that into the 7-zip password fields in the “add to archive” window  above. (DON’T FORGET TO SAVE THIS PASSWORD) Depending on the size of the folder/files  this can take some time to complete.  There should then be a zipped file that is generated on your local computer. It should be in the  same directory where you originally copied the IDM folder, in this case labeled  “IDM137058.zip.” Copy the folder and Word document stored here \\pa508shrdrv1\dt_eng\Help Desk Tools\CD  BURN REQUESTS to your local computer. Burn disk with zipped (encrypted) file we created earlier, include Word document and folder  mentioned above. Label disk with the same IDM number.  Provide media to person mentioned in the original request, in this case “Emma Robinson.”  Email Emma the encryption password and reference the IDM number.    ","[72, 0, 72, 667]","[66, 68]","CD Burn Process for Data Release CD Burn Process for Data Release CD Burn Process for Data Release CD Burn Process for Data Release CD Burn Process for Data Release CD Burn Process for Data Release CD Burn Process for Data Release CD Burn Process for Data Release CD Burn Process for Data Release CD Burn Process for Data Release   Tuesday, August 30, 2016 2:26 PM Initially all CD burn requests are sent to the security mailbox, they in turn are handed over to  IDM support.  IDM support will then most often save the requested files to \\PA508prodsupts1 \CDBurnRequests Check the notes of the ticket for confirmation and further info. This is an example of the notes contained in a CD burn request: You can see the path of the files, and the user that the media must be handed over to. You will then need to temporarily copy the entire folder specified to your local computer,  using the example above it would be “IDM137058.” You can then then right-click the folder you’ve just copied to your local computer. Select 7- Zip->Add to archive from the drop down and depicted below:      You’ll then be presented with this 7-zip window: Note the fields selected above. We have specified the IDM number, we’ve selected “.7z” file as  the archive format and we’ve changed the encryption method to “AES-256.” For the password  field we need to generate a complex password. There are multiple sources to do so including  this site: https://identitysafe.norton.com/password-generator      Once you click “Generate Password” you’ll be presented with a 14 character, complex  password. Copy and paste that into the 7-zip password fields in the “add to archive” window  above. (DON’T FORGET TO SAVE THIS PASSWORD) Depending on the size of the folder/files  this can take some time to complete.  There should then be a zipped file that is generated on your local computer. It should be in the  same directory where you originally copied the IDM folder, in this case labeled  “IDM137058.zip.” Copy the folder and Word document stored here \\pa508shrdrv1\dt_eng\Help Desk Tools\CD  BURN REQUESTS to your local computer. Burn disk with zipped (encrypted) file we created earlier, include Word document and folder  mentioned above. Label disk with the same IDM number.  Provide media to person mentioned in the original request, in this case “Emma Robinson.”  Email Emma the encryption password and reference the IDM number.    ","cd burn process data release cd burn process data release cd burn process data release cd burn process data release cd burn process data release cd burn process data release cd burn process data release cd burn process data release cd burn process data release cd burn process data release tuesday, august 30, 2016 2:26 pm initially cd burn request send security mailbox, turn hand idm support. idm support often save request file \\pa508prodsupts1 \cdburnrequests check note ticket confirmation info. example note contain cd burn request: see path files, user media must hand to. need temporarily copy entire folder specify local computer, use example would “idm137058.” right-click folder you’ve copy local computer. select 7- zip->add archive drop depict below: you’ll present 7-zip window: note field select above. specify idm number, we’ve select “.7z” file archive format we’ve change encryption method “aes-256.” password field need generate complex password. multiple source include site: https://identitysafe.norton.com/password-generator click “generate password” you’ll present 14 character, complex password. copy paste 7-zip password field “add archive” window above. (don’t forget save password) depend size folder/files take time complete. zip file generate local computer. directory originally copy idm folder, case label “idm137058.zip.” copy folder word document store \\pa508shrdrv1\dt_eng\help desk tools\cd burn request local computer. burn disk zip (encrypted) file create earlier, include word document folder mention above. label disk idm number. provide media person mention original request, case “emma robinson.” email emma encryption password reference idm number.","CD Burn Process for Data Release CD Burn Process for Data Release   Tuesday, August 30, 2016 2:26 PM Initially all CD burn requests are sent to the security mailbox, they in turn are handed over to  IDM support.  IDM support will then most often save the requested files to \\PA508prodsupts1 \CDBurnRequests Check the notes of the ticket for confirmation and further info. This is an example of the notes contained in a CD burn request: You can see the path of the files, and the user that the media must be handed over to. You will then need to temporarily copy the entire folder specified to your local computer,  using the example above it would be “IDM137058.” You can then then right-click the folder you’ve just copied to your local computer. Select 7- Zip->Add to archive from the drop down and depicted below:      You’ll then be presented with this 7-zip window: Note the fields selected above. We have specified the IDM number, we’ve selected “.7z” file as  the archive format and we’ve changed the encryption method to “AES-256.” For the password  field we need to generate a complex password. There are multiple sources to do so including  this site: https://identitysafe.norton.com/password-generator      Once you click “Generate Password” you’ll be presented with a 14 character, complex  password. Copy and paste that into the 7-zip password fields in the “add to archive” window  above. (DON’T FORGET TO SAVE THIS PASSWORD) Depending on the size of the folder/files  this can take some time to complete.  There should then be a zipped file that is generated on your local computer. It should be in the  same directory where you originally copied the IDM folder, in this case labeled  “IDM137058.zip.” Copy the folder and Word document stored here \\pa508shrdrv1\dt_eng\Help Desk Tools\CD  BURN REQUESTS to your local computer. Burn disk with zipped (encrypted) file we created earlier, include Word document and folder  mentioned above. Label disk with the same IDM number.  Provide media to person mentioned in the original request, in this case “Emma Robinson.”  Email Emma the encryption password and reference the IDM number.    ","cd burn process data release cd burn process data release tuesday, august 30, 2016 2:26 pm initially cd burn request send security mailbox, turn hand idm support. idm support often save request file \\pa508prodsupts1 \cdburnrequests check note ticket confirmation info. example note contain cd burn request: see path files, user media must hand to. need temporarily copy entire folder specify local computer, use example would “idm137058.” right-click folder you’ve copy local computer. select 7- zip->add archive drop depict below: you’ll present 7-zip window: note field select above. specify idm number, we’ve select “.7z” file archive format we’ve change encryption method “aes-256.” password field need generate complex password. multiple source include site: https://identitysafe.norton.com/password-generator click “generate password” you’ll present 14 character, complex password. copy paste 7-zip password field “add archive” window above. (don’t forget save password) depend size folder/files take time complete. zip file generate local computer. directory originally copy idm folder, case label “idm137058.zip.” copy folder word document store \\pa508shrdrv1\dt_eng\help desk tools\cd burn request local computer. burn disk zip (encrypted) file create earlier, include word document folder mention above. label disk idm number. provide media person mention original request, case “emma robinson.” email emma encryption password reference idm number."
87,CHANGE THE OUTLOOK START FOLDER," Monday, December 10, 2012 2:20 PM HOW TO CHANGE THE OUTLOOK START FOLDER 1. TOOL | OPTION | OTHER | ADVANCED OPTION There you can change the start Folder.     ","[72, 0, 371, 779]",[328],"CHANGE THE OUTLOOK START FOLDER CHANGE THE OUTLOOK START FOLDER CHANGE THE OUTLOOK START FOLDER CHANGE THE OUTLOOK START FOLDER CHANGE THE OUTLOOK START FOLDER CHANGE THE OUTLOOK START FOLDER CHANGE THE OUTLOOK START FOLDER CHANGE THE OUTLOOK START FOLDER CHANGE THE OUTLOOK START FOLDER CHANGE THE OUTLOOK START FOLDER   Monday, December 10, 2012 2:20 PM HOW TO CHANGE THE OUTLOOK START FOLDER 1. TOOL | OPTION | OTHER | ADVANCED OPTION There you can change the start Folder.     ","change outlook start folder change outlook start folder change outlook start folder change outlook start folder change outlook start folder change outlook start folder change outlook start folder change outlook start folder change outlook start folder change outlook start folder monday, december 10, 2012 2:20 pm change outlook start folder 1. tool | option | | advance option change start folder.","CHANGE THE OUTLOOK START FOLDER CHANGE THE OUTLOOK START FOLDER   Monday, December 10, 2012 2:20 PM HOW TO CHANGE THE OUTLOOK START FOLDER 1. TOOL | OPTION | OTHER | ADVANCED OPTION There you can change the start Folder.     ","change outlook start folder change outlook start folder monday, december 10, 2012 2:20 pm change outlook start folder 1. tool | option | | advance option change start folder."
88,Calendar Permissions," Friday, March 9, 2018 4:31 PM Commandlets to modify calendar permission for a mailbox. If meetings for a room (or any equipment/object in Exchange) shows up as ""Busy"" b/c AccessRights  is set to {AvailabilityOnly} by default. Changing AccessRights from {AvailabilityOnly} to {Reviewer} for \Calendar path will publicly show  more details including meeting organizer and subject. Courtesy of Adriel:    ","[54, 4, 122, 783]",[255],"Calendar Permissions Calendar Permissions Calendar Permissions Calendar Permissions Calendar Permissions Calendar Permissions Calendar Permissions Calendar Permissions Calendar Permissions Calendar Permissions   Friday, March 9, 2018 4:31 PM Commandlets to modify calendar permission for a mailbox. If meetings for a room (or any equipment/object in Exchange) shows up as ""Busy"" b/c AccessRights  is set to {AvailabilityOnly} by default. Changing AccessRights from {AvailabilityOnly} to {Reviewer} for \Calendar path will publicly show  more details including meeting organizer and subject. Courtesy of Adriel:    ","calendar permissions calendar permissions calendar permissions calendar permissions calendar permissions calendar permissions calendar permissions calendar permissions calendar permissions calendar permissions friday, march 9, 2018 4:31 pm commandlets modify calendar permission mailbox. meet room (or equipment/object exchange) show ""busy"" b/c accessrights set {availabilityonly} default. change accessrights {availabilityonly} {reviewer} \calendar path publicly show detail include meet organizer subject. courtesy adriel:","Calendar Permissions Calendar Permissions   Friday, March 9, 2018 4:31 PM Commandlets to modify calendar permission for a mailbox. If meetings for a room (or any equipment/object in Exchange) shows up as ""Busy"" b/c AccessRights  is set to {AvailabilityOnly} by default. Changing AccessRights from {AvailabilityOnly} to {Reviewer} for \Calendar path will publicly show  more details including meeting organizer and subject. Courtesy of Adriel:    ","calendar permissions calendar permissions friday, march 9, 2018 4:31 pm commandlets modify calendar permission mailbox. meet room (or equipment/object exchange) show ""busy"" b/c accessrights set {availabilityonly} default. change accessrights {availabilityonly} {reviewer} \calendar path publicly show detail include meet organizer subject. courtesy adriel:"
89,Centrify Notes/Info," Friday, February 19, 2016 3:21 PM Centrify certificate locations In finder at the top click go and then “Go to Folder” Type the below entry to browse to the cert folder. /var/Centrify/net/certs Gpupdate In a terminal session First use - Sudo adflush Second use - adgpudpate This may take some time to complete Restart connector Cd /Usr/share/centrifydc/bin/ Usr/share/centrifydc/bin/centrifydc restart    ","[72, 0, 175, 775]",[570],"Centrify Notes/Info Centrify Notes/Info Centrify Notes/Info Centrify Notes/Info Centrify Notes/Info Centrify Notes/Info Centrify Notes/Info Centrify Notes/Info Centrify Notes/Info Centrify Notes/Info   Friday, February 19, 2016 3:21 PM Centrify certificate locations In finder at the top click go and then “Go to Folder” Type the below entry to browse to the cert folder. /var/Centrify/net/certs Gpupdate In a terminal session First use - Sudo adflush Second use - adgpudpate This may take some time to complete Restart connector Cd /Usr/share/centrifydc/bin/ Usr/share/centrifydc/bin/centrifydc restart    ","centrify notes/info centrify notes/info centrify notes/info centrify notes/info centrify notes/info centrify notes/info centrify notes/info centrify notes/info centrify notes/info centrify notes/info friday, february 19, 2016 3:21 pm centrify certificate locations finder top click go “go folder” type entry browse cert folder. /var/centrify/net/certs gpupdate terminal session first use - sudo adflush second use - adgpudpate may take time complete restart connector cd /usr/share/centrifydc/bin/ usr/share/centrifydc/bin/centrifydc restart","Centrify Notes/Info Centrify Notes/Info   Friday, February 19, 2016 3:21 PM Centrify certificate locations In finder at the top click go and then “Go to Folder” Type the below entry to browse to the cert folder. /var/Centrify/net/certs Gpupdate In a terminal session First use - Sudo adflush Second use - adgpudpate This may take some time to complete Restart connector Cd /Usr/share/centrifydc/bin/ Usr/share/centrifydc/bin/centrifydc restart    ","centrify notes/info centrify notes/info friday, february 19, 2016 3:21 pm centrify certificate locations finder top click go “go folder” type entry browse cert folder. /var/centrify/net/certs gpupdate terminal session first use - sudo adflush second use - adgpudpate may take time complete restart connector cd /usr/share/centrifydc/bin/ usr/share/centrifydc/bin/centrifydc restart"
90,Changing your password in Outlook Web Access," Upon successful login, you will see your mailbox displayed with the available  mail, calendar, tasks, and contacts. Select the Options button in the top right of the screen – Select the Change  Password Option in the left column.   Enter your old password and confirm the  new password in the fields below         ","[69, 0, 69, 417]","[320, 321]","Changing your password in Outlook Web Access Changing your password in Outlook Web Access Changing your password in Outlook Web Access Changing your password in Outlook Web Access Changing your password in Outlook Web Access Changing your password in Outlook Web Access Changing your password in Outlook Web Access Changing your password in Outlook Web Access Changing your password in Outlook Web Access Changing your password in Outlook Web Access   Upon successful login, you will see your mailbox displayed with the available  mail, calendar, tasks, and contacts. Select the Options button in the top right of the screen – Select the Change  Password Option in the left column.   Enter your old password and confirm the  new password in the fields below         ","change password outlook web access change password outlook web access change password outlook web access change password outlook web access change password outlook web access change password outlook web access change password outlook web access change password outlook web access change password outlook web access change password outlook web access upon successful login, see mailbox display available mail, calendar, tasks, contacts. select options button top right screen – select change password option leave column. enter old password confirm new password field","Changing your password in Outlook Web Access Changing your password in Outlook Web Access   Upon successful login, you will see your mailbox displayed with the available  mail, calendar, tasks, and contacts. Select the Options button in the top right of the screen – Select the Change  Password Option in the left column.   Enter your old password and confirm the  new password in the fields below         ","change password outlook web access change password outlook web access upon successful login, see mailbox display available mail, calendar, tasks, contacts. select options button top right screen – select change password option leave column. enter old password confirm new password field"
91,Checkpoint (V8.61) Remote web help," Wednesday, April 13, 2016 11:27 AM Most users with checkpoint installed on to their computers will find themselves locked out from time to  time. However there are a few that might still be using the old 7.4 version of checkpoint. To determine if  the user is using the old checkpoint be sure to confirm the color within the checkpoint window.  If Pink it’s the new checkpoint. V8.16 If Blue it’s the old. V7.4 If a user calls in because their checkpoint account is locked be sure to confirm their username and their  computer name. Then have them input their username and have them select ""REMOTE HELP"" Now go to https://checkpoint.berkadia.com/webrh/      Log in with your network ADM account, click FDE Choose either one-time login or Remote password change. I would normally recommend that you use  the remote password change.  Input the users name and computer name. (checkpoint  keeps track of the machines the users has signed into in the  past and may list the computer name) Click ""GET RESPONSE ONE""      Read off the number in the RESPONSE ONE field to the user to input in  the RESPONSE ONE field on their screen. After they input the number and Tab over to the next field they should  have a CHALLENGE number to read back to you. Input the number in the  CHALLENGE field. Click ""GET RESPONSE TWO""  Read off the number for them to input into the RESPONSE TWO field. After that it should let the user in or change their password depending  on which field was selected.     ","[65, 1, 65, 778]","[109, 111]","Checkpoint (V8.61) Remote web help Checkpoint (V8.61) Remote web help Checkpoint (V8.61) Remote web help Checkpoint (V8.61) Remote web help Checkpoint (V8.61) Remote web help Checkpoint (V8.61) Remote web help Checkpoint (V8.61) Remote web help Checkpoint (V8.61) Remote web help Checkpoint (V8.61) Remote web help Checkpoint (V8.61) Remote web help   Wednesday, April 13, 2016 11:27 AM Most users with checkpoint installed on to their computers will find themselves locked out from time to  time. However there are a few that might still be using the old 7.4 version of checkpoint. To determine if  the user is using the old checkpoint be sure to confirm the color within the checkpoint window.  If Pink it’s the new checkpoint. V8.16 If Blue it’s the old. V7.4 If a user calls in because their checkpoint account is locked be sure to confirm their username and their  computer name. Then have them input their username and have them select ""REMOTE HELP"" Now go to https://checkpoint.berkadia.com/webrh/      Log in with your network ADM account, click FDE Choose either one-time login or Remote password change. I would normally recommend that you use  the remote password change.  Input the users name and computer name. (checkpoint  keeps track of the machines the users has signed into in the  past and may list the computer name) Click ""GET RESPONSE ONE""      Read off the number in the RESPONSE ONE field to the user to input in  the RESPONSE ONE field on their screen. After they input the number and Tab over to the next field they should  have a CHALLENGE number to read back to you. Input the number in the  CHALLENGE field. Click ""GET RESPONSE TWO""  Read off the number for them to input into the RESPONSE TWO field. After that it should let the user in or change their password depending  on which field was selected.     ","checkpoint (v8.61) remote web help checkpoint (v8.61) remote web help checkpoint (v8.61) remote web help checkpoint (v8.61) remote web help checkpoint (v8.61) remote web help checkpoint (v8.61) remote web help checkpoint (v8.61) remote web help checkpoint (v8.61) remote web help checkpoint (v8.61) remote web help checkpoint (v8.61) remote web help wednesday, april 13, 2016 11:27 users checkpoint instal computers find lock time time. however might still use old 7.4 version checkpoint. determine user use old checkpoint sure confirm color within checkpoint window. pink it’s new checkpoint. v8.16 blue it’s old. v7.4 user call checkpoint account lock sure confirm username computer name. input username select ""remote help"" go https://checkpoint.berkadia.com/webrh/ log network adm account, click fde choose either one-time login remote password change. would normally recommend use remote password change. input users name computer name. (checkpoint keep track machine users sign past may list computer name) click ""get response one"" read number response one field user input response one field screen. input number tab next field challenge number read back you. input number challenge field. click ""get response two"" read number input response two field. let user change password depend field selected.","Checkpoint (V8.61) Remote web help Checkpoint (V8.61) Remote web help   Wednesday, April 13, 2016 11:27 AM Most users with checkpoint installed on to their computers will find themselves locked out from time to  time. However there are a few that might still be using the old 7.4 version of checkpoint. To determine if  the user is using the old checkpoint be sure to confirm the color within the checkpoint window.  If Pink it’s the new checkpoint. V8.16 If Blue it’s the old. V7.4 If a user calls in because their checkpoint account is locked be sure to confirm their username and their  computer name. Then have them input their username and have them select ""REMOTE HELP"" Now go to https://checkpoint.berkadia.com/webrh/      Log in with your network ADM account, click FDE Choose either one-time login or Remote password change. I would normally recommend that you use  the remote password change.  Input the users name and computer name. (checkpoint  keeps track of the machines the users has signed into in the  past and may list the computer name) Click ""GET RESPONSE ONE""      Read off the number in the RESPONSE ONE field to the user to input in  the RESPONSE ONE field on their screen. After they input the number and Tab over to the next field they should  have a CHALLENGE number to read back to you. Input the number in the  CHALLENGE field. Click ""GET RESPONSE TWO""  Read off the number for them to input into the RESPONSE TWO field. After that it should let the user in or change their password depending  on which field was selected.     ","checkpoint (v8.61) remote web help checkpoint (v8.61) remote web help wednesday, april 13, 2016 11:27 users checkpoint instal computers find lock time time. however might still use old 7.4 version checkpoint. determine user use old checkpoint sure confirm color within checkpoint window. pink it’s new checkpoint. v8.16 blue it’s old. v7.4 user call checkpoint account lock sure confirm username computer name. input username select ""remote help"" go https://checkpoint.berkadia.com/webrh/ log network adm account, click fde choose either one-time login remote password change. would normally recommend use remote password change. input users name computer name. (checkpoint keep track machine users sign past may list computer name) click ""get response one"" read number response one field user input response one field screen. input number tab next field challenge number read back you. input number challenge field. click ""get response two"" read number input response two field. let user change password depend field selected."
92,Checkpoint 7.5," Wednesday, June 01, 2016 8:39 AM 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. Connect your laptop to Forticlient. Press Ctrl+Alt+Del and select change a password, type in existing password under old  password field, then new password in new password field(s). Click arrow pointing to the right. At this point you’ll see a notification that your password has been changed. Click OK.  You’ll then be taken back to your desktop screen. Press Ctrl+Alt+Del again and select lock this  computer. I would recommend at this point you update your password on any Android/iPhone device  before proceeding any further. Login again with the new password. This will force the password to update for Windows since  you’re still connected to Forticlient.  Restart the computer, If you’re using the old version of Checkpoint (blue background) you’ll  log into Checkpoint with your old password. It will then boot up into Windows. You’ll log into Windows with your new (current) password. After logging in you’ll see a small  box pop up from Checkpoint. Enter your old password from Step 7. At this point, all passwords should be fully synced. If you have the new version of Checkpoint (pink  background) then there is a slightly different process involved.      McCracken Account Unlock & Reset Thursday, April 21, 2016 1:11 PM 1. Locate one of the McCracken SSL sessions on your desktop and double click to open. 2. Hit “Enter” once open to acknowledge previous sign-on and reach the main screen. 3. This is the ""Main Screen"". 4. 5.     Make a selection, in this case, ""1"" for Password Reset, and hit ""Enter"" 5. Make a selection, in this case, ""1"" for Password Reset, and hit ""Enter"" 6. On this screen, enter the username of the user, and hit ""Enter"" 7. This will return you to the main screen, with a notification at the bottom that the password was reset to  ""PASSWORD1"".     8. To enable an account, select ""2"", and hit ""Enter"". 9. This is similar to the Password Reset, as you type in the Username and hit ""Enter"".     10. This will enable the account, with a notification at the bottom stating ""User profile ****** enabled"".    ","[58, 3, 72, 727]","[122, 126]","Checkpoint 7.5 Checkpoint 7.5 Checkpoint 7.5 Checkpoint 7.5 Checkpoint 7.5 Checkpoint 7.5 Checkpoint 7.5 Checkpoint 7.5 Checkpoint 7.5 Checkpoint 7.5   Wednesday, June 01, 2016 8:39 AM 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. Connect your laptop to Forticlient. Press Ctrl+Alt+Del and select change a password, type in existing password under old  password field, then new password in new password field(s). Click arrow pointing to the right. At this point you’ll see a notification that your password has been changed. Click OK.  You’ll then be taken back to your desktop screen. Press Ctrl+Alt+Del again and select lock this  computer. I would recommend at this point you update your password on any Android/iPhone device  before proceeding any further. Login again with the new password. This will force the password to update for Windows since  you’re still connected to Forticlient.  Restart the computer, If you’re using the old version of Checkpoint (blue background) you’ll  log into Checkpoint with your old password. It will then boot up into Windows. You’ll log into Windows with your new (current) password. After logging in you’ll see a small  box pop up from Checkpoint. Enter your old password from Step 7. At this point, all passwords should be fully synced. If you have the new version of Checkpoint (pink  background) then there is a slightly different process involved.      McCracken Account Unlock & Reset Thursday, April 21, 2016 1:11 PM 1. Locate one of the McCracken SSL sessions on your desktop and double click to open. 2. Hit “Enter” once open to acknowledge previous sign-on and reach the main screen. 3. This is the ""Main Screen"". 4. 5.     Make a selection, in this case, ""1"" for Password Reset, and hit ""Enter"" 5. Make a selection, in this case, ""1"" for Password Reset, and hit ""Enter"" 6. On this screen, enter the username of the user, and hit ""Enter"" 7. This will return you to the main screen, with a notification at the bottom that the password was reset to  ""PASSWORD1"".     8. To enable an account, select ""2"", and hit ""Enter"". 9. This is similar to the Password Reset, as you type in the Username and hit ""Enter"".     10. This will enable the account, with a notification at the bottom stating ""User profile ****** enabled"".    ","checkpoint 7.5 checkpoint 7.5 checkpoint 7.5 checkpoint 7.5 checkpoint 7.5 checkpoint 7.5 checkpoint 7.5 checkpoint 7.5 checkpoint 7.5 checkpoint 7.5 wednesday, june 01, 2016 8:39 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. connect laptop forticlient. press ctrl+alt+del select change password, type exist password old password field, new password new password field(s). click arrow point right. point you’ll see notification password changed. click ok. you’ll take back desktop screen. press ctrl+alt+del select lock computer. would recommend point update password android/iphone device proceed further. login new password. force password update windows since you’re still connect forticlient. restart computer, you’re use old version checkpoint (blue background) you’ll log checkpoint old password. boot windows. you’ll log windows new (current) password. log you’ll see small box pop checkpoint. enter old password step 7. point, passwords fully synced. new version checkpoint (pink background) slightly different process involved. mccracken account unlock & reset thursday, april 21, 2016 1:11 pm 1. locate one mccracken ssl sessions desktop double click open. 2. hit “enter” open acknowledge previous sign-on reach main screen. 3. ""main screen"". 4. 5. make selection, case, ""1"" password reset, hit ""enter"" 5. make selection, case, ""1"" password reset, hit ""enter"" 6. screen, enter username user, hit ""enter"" 7. return main screen, notification bottom password reset ""password1"". 8. enable account, select ""2"", hit ""enter"". 9. similar password reset, type username hit ""enter"". 10. enable account, notification bottom state ""user profile ****** enabled"".","Checkpoint 7.5 Checkpoint 7.5   Wednesday, June 01, 2016 8:39 AM 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. Connect your laptop to Forticlient. Press Ctrl+Alt+Del and select change a password, type in existing password under old  password field, then new password in new password field(s). Click arrow pointing to the right. At this point you’ll see a notification that your password has been changed. Click OK.  You’ll then be taken back to your desktop screen. Press Ctrl+Alt+Del again and select lock this  computer. I would recommend at this point you update your password on any Android/iPhone device  before proceeding any further. Login again with the new password. This will force the password to update for Windows since  you’re still connected to Forticlient.  Restart the computer, If you’re using the old version of Checkpoint (blue background) you’ll  log into Checkpoint with your old password. It will then boot up into Windows. You’ll log into Windows with your new (current) password. After logging in you’ll see a small  box pop up from Checkpoint. Enter your old password from Step 7. At this point, all passwords should be fully synced. If you have the new version of Checkpoint (pink  background) then there is a slightly different process involved.      McCracken Account Unlock & Reset Thursday, April 21, 2016 1:11 PM 1. Locate one of the McCracken SSL sessions on your desktop and double click to open. 2. Hit “Enter” once open to acknowledge previous sign-on and reach the main screen. 3. This is the ""Main Screen"". 4. 5.     Make a selection, in this case, ""1"" for Password Reset, and hit ""Enter"" 5. Make a selection, in this case, ""1"" for Password Reset, and hit ""Enter"" 6. On this screen, enter the username of the user, and hit ""Enter"" 7. This will return you to the main screen, with a notification at the bottom that the password was reset to  ""PASSWORD1"".     8. To enable an account, select ""2"", and hit ""Enter"". 9. This is similar to the Password Reset, as you type in the Username and hit ""Enter"".     10. This will enable the account, with a notification at the bottom stating ""User profile ****** enabled"".    ","checkpoint 7.5 checkpoint 7.5 wednesday, june 01, 2016 8:39 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. connect laptop forticlient. press ctrl+alt+del select change password, type exist password old password field, new password new password field(s). click arrow point right. point you’ll see notification password changed. click ok. you’ll take back desktop screen. press ctrl+alt+del select lock computer. would recommend point update password android/iphone device proceed further. login new password. force password update windows since you’re still connect forticlient. restart computer, you’re use old version checkpoint (blue background) you’ll log checkpoint old password. boot windows. you’ll log windows new (current) password. log you’ll see small box pop checkpoint. enter old password step 7. point, passwords fully synced. new version checkpoint (pink background) slightly different process involved. mccracken account unlock & reset thursday, april 21, 2016 1:11 pm 1. locate one mccracken ssl sessions desktop double click open. 2. hit “enter” open acknowledge previous sign-on reach main screen. 3. ""main screen"". 4. 5. make selection, case, ""1"" password reset, hit ""enter"" 5. make selection, case, ""1"" password reset, hit ""enter"" 6. screen, enter username user, hit ""enter"" 7. return main screen, notification bottom password reset ""password1"". 8. enable account, select ""2"", hit ""enter"". 9. similar password reset, type username hit ""enter"". 10. enable account, notification bottom state ""user profile ****** enabled""."
93,Chicago Loaner Inventory," Friday, August 25, 2017 3:13 PM S/N Name Model User Assigned To Date Sent Tech that Shipped CNU205163N ILCHWLOANERL25 8460p    ","[72, 0, 167, 775]",[1130],"Chicago Loaner Inventory Chicago Loaner Inventory Chicago Loaner Inventory Chicago Loaner Inventory Chicago Loaner Inventory Chicago Loaner Inventory Chicago Loaner Inventory Chicago Loaner Inventory Chicago Loaner Inventory Chicago Loaner Inventory   Friday, August 25, 2017 3:13 PM S/N Name Model User Assigned To Date Sent Tech that Shipped CNU205163N ILCHWLOANERL25 8460p    ","chicago loaner inventory chicago loaner inventory chicago loaner inventory chicago loaner inventory chicago loaner inventory chicago loaner inventory chicago loaner inventory chicago loaner inventory chicago loaner inventory chicago loaner inventory friday, august 25, 2017 3:13 pm s/n name model user assign date send tech ship cnu205163n ilchwloanerl25 8460p","Chicago Loaner Inventory Chicago Loaner Inventory   Friday, August 25, 2017 3:13 PM S/N Name Model User Assigned To Date Sent Tech that Shipped CNU205163N ILCHWLOANERL25 8460p    ","chicago loaner inventory chicago loaner inventory friday, august 25, 2017 3:13 pm s/n name model user assign date send tech ship cnu205163n ilchwloanerl25 8460p"
94,Christina Nelson," Sunday, June 26, 2016 4:58 PM 2 x HP EliteDisplay e221 1 x HP 9480m laptop HP wireless keyboard & mouse combo HP 7965 phone         ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[964, 965]","Christina Nelson Christina Nelson Christina Nelson Christina Nelson Christina Nelson Christina Nelson Christina Nelson Christina Nelson Christina Nelson Christina Nelson   Sunday, June 26, 2016 4:58 PM 2 x HP EliteDisplay e221 1 x HP 9480m laptop HP wireless keyboard & mouse combo HP 7965 phone         ","christina nelson christina nelson christina nelson christina nelson christina nelson christina nelson christina nelson christina nelson christina nelson christina nelson sunday, june 26, 2016 4:58 pm 2 x hp elitedisplay e221 1 x hp 9480m laptop hp wireless keyboard & mouse combo hp 7965 phone","Christina Nelson Christina Nelson   Sunday, June 26, 2016 4:58 PM 2 x HP EliteDisplay e221 1 x HP 9480m laptop HP wireless keyboard & mouse combo HP 7965 phone         ","christina nelson christina nelson sunday, june 26, 2016 4:58 pm 2 x hp elitedisplay e221 1 x hp 9480m laptop hp wireless keyboard & mouse combo hp 7965 phone"
95,Cisco AnyConnect," Wednesday, March 07, 2018 1:31 AM Users who connect to the Leucadia VPN will need an updated client. ***waiting to place anyconnect-win-4.4.03034-core-vpn-predeploy-k9.msi 1) 2) Launch Cisco AnyConnect from your local programs. Make sure ciscovpn.leucadia.com is in the drop down box to the left of connect. If your  connection says “Leucadia HFM AnyConnect”, click that text and type in ciscovpn.leucadia.com  to replace it. 3) Click connect. Enter in your username and password into the dialogue box. 4) 5) For the second password, type in phone to have Duo call you for approval. If you have the Duo  Mobile app installed, type in push for a push notification.  Another option for the second password is to generate a key and type in that key. Launch the  Duo Mobile app on your phone and click on the green key icon to the right of Leucadia. Type in  this key as the second password 6) You will then see a security warning. This is normal. Hit OK and you should be connected and  ready to access Hyperion.         ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[691, 692]","Cisco AnyConnect Cisco AnyConnect Cisco AnyConnect Cisco AnyConnect Cisco AnyConnect Cisco AnyConnect Cisco AnyConnect Cisco AnyConnect Cisco AnyConnect Cisco AnyConnect   Wednesday, March 07, 2018 1:31 AM Users who connect to the Leucadia VPN will need an updated client. ***waiting to place anyconnect-win-4.4.03034-core-vpn-predeploy-k9.msi 1) 2) Launch Cisco AnyConnect from your local programs. Make sure ciscovpn.leucadia.com is in the drop down box to the left of connect. If your  connection says “Leucadia HFM AnyConnect”, click that text and type in ciscovpn.leucadia.com  to replace it. 3) Click connect. Enter in your username and password into the dialogue box. 4) 5) For the second password, type in phone to have Duo call you for approval. If you have the Duo  Mobile app installed, type in push for a push notification.  Another option for the second password is to generate a key and type in that key. Launch the  Duo Mobile app on your phone and click on the green key icon to the right of Leucadia. Type in  this key as the second password 6) You will then see a security warning. This is normal. Hit OK and you should be connected and  ready to access Hyperion.         ","cisco anyconnect cisco anyconnect cisco anyconnect cisco anyconnect cisco anyconnect cisco anyconnect cisco anyconnect cisco anyconnect cisco anyconnect cisco anyconnect wednesday, march 07, 2018 1:31 users connect leucadia vpn need update client. ***waiting place anyconnect-win-4.4.03034-core-vpn-predeploy-k9.msi 1) 2) launch cisco anyconnect local programs. make sure ciscovpn.leucadia.com drop box leave connect. connection say “leucadia hfm anyconnect”, click text type ciscovpn.leucadia.com replace it. 3) click connect. enter username password dialogue box. 4) 5) second password, type phone duo call approval. duo mobile app installed, type push push notification. another option second password generate key type key. launch duo mobile app phone click green key icon right leucadia. type key second password 6) see security warning. normal. hit ok connect ready access hyperion.","Cisco AnyConnect Cisco AnyConnect   Wednesday, March 07, 2018 1:31 AM Users who connect to the Leucadia VPN will need an updated client. ***waiting to place anyconnect-win-4.4.03034-core-vpn-predeploy-k9.msi 1) 2) Launch Cisco AnyConnect from your local programs. Make sure ciscovpn.leucadia.com is in the drop down box to the left of connect. If your  connection says “Leucadia HFM AnyConnect”, click that text and type in ciscovpn.leucadia.com  to replace it. 3) Click connect. Enter in your username and password into the dialogue box. 4) 5) For the second password, type in phone to have Duo call you for approval. If you have the Duo  Mobile app installed, type in push for a push notification.  Another option for the second password is to generate a key and type in that key. Launch the  Duo Mobile app on your phone and click on the green key icon to the right of Leucadia. Type in  this key as the second password 6) You will then see a security warning. This is normal. Hit OK and you should be connected and  ready to access Hyperion.         ","cisco anyconnect cisco anyconnect wednesday, march 07, 2018 1:31 users connect leucadia vpn need update client. ***waiting place anyconnect-win-4.4.03034-core-vpn-predeploy-k9.msi 1) 2) launch cisco anyconnect local programs. make sure ciscovpn.leucadia.com drop box leave connect. connection say “leucadia hfm anyconnect”, click text type ciscovpn.leucadia.com replace it. 3) click connect. enter username password dialogue box. 4) 5) second password, type phone duo call approval. duo mobile app installed, type push push notification. another option second password generate key type key. launch duo mobile app phone click green key icon right leucadia. type key second password 6) see security warning. normal. hit ok connect ready access hyperion."
96,Cisco I Guest Account," Wednesday, August 27, 2014 8:29 AM","[72, 769, 244, 779]",[782],"Cisco I Guest Account Cisco I Guest Account Cisco I Guest Account Cisco I Guest Account Cisco I Guest Account Cisco I Guest Account Cisco I Guest Account Cisco I Guest Account Cisco I Guest Account Cisco I Guest Account   Wednesday, August 27, 2014 8:29 AM","cisco guest account cisco guest account cisco guest account cisco guest account cisco guest account cisco guest account cisco guest account cisco guest account cisco guest account cisco guest account wednesday, august 27, 2014 8:29","Cisco I Guest Account Cisco I Guest Account   Wednesday, August 27, 2014 8:29 AM","cisco guest account cisco guest account wednesday, august 27, 2014 8:29"
97,Cisco Jabber for iPad - Setup," Thursday, December 12, 2013 10:14 AM  Thursday, December 12, 2013 10:14 AM Download the application from the Apple App Store (you will need an iTunes account) Once the application is running on your iPad, the following screen appears: Enter your email address then touch the Continue bar Enter your corporate Email address, for example shudson@berkadia.com then  press Continue Touch the TelePresence Video Communication Server bar      The following screen will appear: Use your normal “Berkadia” sign in credentials for the Username and Password then fill  in the three subsequent fields as per the screen below:      Touch the Sign In bar to sign in to Jabber Enterprise","[99, 478, 72, 779]","[815, 817]","Cisco Jabber for iPad - Setup Cisco Jabber for iPad - Setup Cisco Jabber for iPad - Setup Cisco Jabber for iPad - Setup Cisco Jabber for iPad - Setup Cisco Jabber for iPad - Setup Cisco Jabber for iPad - Setup Cisco Jabber for iPad - Setup Cisco Jabber for iPad - Setup Cisco Jabber for iPad - Setup   Thursday, December 12, 2013 10:14 AM  Thursday, December 12, 2013 10:14 AM Download the application from the Apple App Store (you will need an iTunes account) Once the application is running on your iPad, the following screen appears: Enter your email address then touch the Continue bar Enter your corporate Email address, for example shudson@berkadia.com then  press Continue Touch the TelePresence Video Communication Server bar      The following screen will appear: Use your normal “Berkadia” sign in credentials for the Username and Password then fill  in the three subsequent fields as per the screen below:      Touch the Sign In bar to sign in to Jabber Enterprise","cisco jabber ipad - setup cisco jabber ipad - setup cisco jabber ipad - setup cisco jabber ipad - setup cisco jabber ipad - setup cisco jabber ipad - setup cisco jabber ipad - setup cisco jabber ipad - setup cisco jabber ipad - setup cisco jabber ipad - setup thursday, december 12, 2013 10:14 thursday, december 12, 2013 10:14 download application apple app store (you need itunes account) application run ipad, follow screen appears: enter email address touch continue bar enter corporate email address, example shudson@berkadia.com press continue touch telepresence video communication server bar follow screen appear: use normal “berkadia” sign credentials username password fill three subsequent field per screen below: touch sign bar sign jabber enterprise","Cisco Jabber for iPad - Setup Cisco Jabber for iPad - Setup   Thursday, December 12, 2013 10:14 AM  Thursday, December 12, 2013 10:14 AM Download the application from the Apple App Store (you will need an iTunes account) Once the application is running on your iPad, the following screen appears: Enter your email address then touch the Continue bar Enter your corporate Email address, for example shudson@berkadia.com then  press Continue Touch the TelePresence Video Communication Server bar      The following screen will appear: Use your normal “Berkadia” sign in credentials for the Username and Password then fill  in the three subsequent fields as per the screen below:      Touch the Sign In bar to sign in to Jabber Enterprise","cisco jabber ipad - setup cisco jabber ipad - setup thursday, december 12, 2013 10:14 thursday, december 12, 2013 10:14 download application apple app store (you need itunes account) application run ipad, follow screen appears: enter email address touch continue bar enter corporate email address, example shudson@berkadia.com press continue touch telepresence video communication server bar follow screen appear: use normal “berkadia” sign credentials username password fill three subsequent field per screen below: touch sign bar sign jabber enterprise"
98,Cisco Jabber for iPad – Adding a Contact, Touch the Sign In bar to sign in to Jabber Enterprise You will see a search field along the top. Tap “Search for contacts”      Tap TelePresence Directory Type in Contact Name. Example PA120 The name you are searching for will appear.      Tap on the name you choose to add. Then select “Add Contact” Select “Done”    ,"[72, 0, 72, 217]","[817, 819]",Cisco Jabber for iPad – Adding a Contact Cisco Jabber for iPad – Adding a Contact Cisco Jabber for iPad – Adding a Contact Cisco Jabber for iPad – Adding a Contact Cisco Jabber for iPad – Adding a Contact Cisco Jabber for iPad – Adding a Contact Cisco Jabber for iPad – Adding a Contact Cisco Jabber for iPad – Adding a Contact Cisco Jabber for iPad – Adding a Contact Cisco Jabber for iPad – Adding a Contact   Touch the Sign In bar to sign in to Jabber Enterprise You will see a search field along the top. Tap “Search for contacts”      Tap TelePresence Directory Type in Contact Name. Example PA120 The name you are searching for will appear.      Tap on the name you choose to add. Then select “Add Contact” Select “Done”    ,cisco jabber ipad – add contact cisco jabber ipad – add contact cisco jabber ipad – add contact cisco jabber ipad – add contact cisco jabber ipad – add contact cisco jabber ipad – add contact cisco jabber ipad – add contact cisco jabber ipad – add contact cisco jabber ipad – add contact cisco jabber ipad – add contact touch sign bar sign jabber enterprise see search field along top. tap “search contacts” tap telepresence directory type contact name. example pa120 name search appear. tap name choose add. select “add contact” select “done”,Cisco Jabber for iPad – Adding a Contact Cisco Jabber for iPad – Adding a Contact   Touch the Sign In bar to sign in to Jabber Enterprise You will see a search field along the top. Tap “Search for contacts”      Tap TelePresence Directory Type in Contact Name. Example PA120 The name you are searching for will appear.      Tap on the name you choose to add. Then select “Add Contact” Select “Done”    ,cisco jabber ipad – add contact cisco jabber ipad – add contact touch sign bar sign jabber enterprise see search field along top. tap “search contacts” tap telepresence directory type contact name. example pa120 name search appear. tap name choose add. select “add contact” select “done”
99,Cisco OEAP (Office Extend Access Point) Troubleshooting," Wednesday, March 16, 2016 10:25 PM","[71, 770, 243, 779]",[1137],"Cisco OEAP (Office Extend Access Point) Troubleshooting Cisco OEAP (Office Extend Access Point) Troubleshooting Cisco OEAP (Office Extend Access Point) Troubleshooting Cisco OEAP (Office Extend Access Point) Troubleshooting Cisco OEAP (Office Extend Access Point) Troubleshooting Cisco OEAP (Office Extend Access Point) Troubleshooting Cisco OEAP (Office Extend Access Point) Troubleshooting Cisco OEAP (Office Extend Access Point) Troubleshooting Cisco OEAP (Office Extend Access Point) Troubleshooting Cisco OEAP (Office Extend Access Point) Troubleshooting   Wednesday, March 16, 2016 10:25 PM","cisco oeap (office extend access point) troubleshoot cisco oeap (office extend access point) troubleshoot cisco oeap (office extend access point) troubleshoot cisco oeap (office extend access point) troubleshoot cisco oeap (office extend access point) troubleshoot cisco oeap (office extend access point) troubleshoot cisco oeap (office extend access point) troubleshoot cisco oeap (office extend access point) troubleshoot cisco oeap (office extend access point) troubleshoot cisco oeap (office extend access point) troubleshoot wednesday, march 16, 2016 10:25 pm","Cisco OEAP (Office Extend Access Point) Troubleshooting Cisco OEAP (Office Extend Access Point) Troubleshooting   Wednesday, March 16, 2016 10:25 PM","cisco oeap (office extend access point) troubleshoot cisco oeap (office extend access point) troubleshoot wednesday, march 16, 2016 10:25 pm"
100,Cisco Voicemail PIN Reset," Thursday, January 18, 2018 12:25 PM Cisco Unity Connection Administration portal: https://corpcucpub1.gmaccm.com/cuadmin/home.do Log in with ADM cred. FYI….. voice mail PINs can NO longer be 4 digits long… they must be at least 6 and there are  a few changes to prevent PINs from being too simple or easily guessed. When you reset a user’s voice mail PIN, please be sure to use 6 digits (such as 147369 or  369258) and set the mailbox to force the user to change PIN on next sign in; Do not set the  PIN to not expire For the user, please remind them regarding the new pin they select – it must meet the following  criteria: •             PIN must be 6 digits or more •             cannot repeat digits (such as 11223344)  •             cannot be sequential (such as 123456)      Current authentication rules:    ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[220, 221]","Cisco Voicemail PIN Reset Cisco Voicemail PIN Reset Cisco Voicemail PIN Reset Cisco Voicemail PIN Reset Cisco Voicemail PIN Reset Cisco Voicemail PIN Reset Cisco Voicemail PIN Reset Cisco Voicemail PIN Reset Cisco Voicemail PIN Reset Cisco Voicemail PIN Reset   Thursday, January 18, 2018 12:25 PM Cisco Unity Connection Administration portal: https://corpcucpub1.gmaccm.com/cuadmin/home.do Log in with ADM cred. FYI….. voice mail PINs can NO longer be 4 digits long… they must be at least 6 and there are  a few changes to prevent PINs from being too simple or easily guessed. When you reset a user’s voice mail PIN, please be sure to use 6 digits (such as 147369 or  369258) and set the mailbox to force the user to change PIN on next sign in; Do not set the  PIN to not expire For the user, please remind them regarding the new pin they select – it must meet the following  criteria: •             PIN must be 6 digits or more •             cannot repeat digits (such as 11223344)  •             cannot be sequential (such as 123456)      Current authentication rules:    ","cisco voicemail pin reset cisco voicemail pin reset cisco voicemail pin reset cisco voicemail pin reset cisco voicemail pin reset cisco voicemail pin reset cisco voicemail pin reset cisco voicemail pin reset cisco voicemail pin reset cisco voicemail pin reset thursday, january 18, 2018 12:25 pm cisco unity connection administration portal: https://corpcucpub1.gmaccm.com/cuadmin/home.do log adm cred. fyi….. voice mail pin longer 4 digits long… must least 6 change prevent pin simple easily guessed. reset user’s voice mail pin, please sure use 6 digits (such 147369 369258) set mailbox force user change pin next sign in; set pin expire user, please remind regard new pin select – must meet follow criteria: • pin must 6 digits • cannot repeat digits (such 11223344) • cannot sequential (such 123456) current authentication rules:","Cisco Voicemail PIN Reset Cisco Voicemail PIN Reset   Thursday, January 18, 2018 12:25 PM Cisco Unity Connection Administration portal: https://corpcucpub1.gmaccm.com/cuadmin/home.do Log in with ADM cred. FYI….. voice mail PINs can NO longer be 4 digits long… they must be at least 6 and there are  a few changes to prevent PINs from being too simple or easily guessed. When you reset a user’s voice mail PIN, please be sure to use 6 digits (such as 147369 or  369258) and set the mailbox to force the user to change PIN on next sign in; Do not set the  PIN to not expire For the user, please remind them regarding the new pin they select – it must meet the following  criteria: •             PIN must be 6 digits or more •             cannot repeat digits (such as 11223344)  •             cannot be sequential (such as 123456)      Current authentication rules:    ","cisco voicemail pin reset cisco voicemail pin reset thursday, january 18, 2018 12:25 pm cisco unity connection administration portal: https://corpcucpub1.gmaccm.com/cuadmin/home.do log adm cred. fyi….. voice mail pin longer 4 digits long… must least 6 change prevent pin simple easily guessed. reset user’s voice mail pin, please sure use 6 digits (such 147369 369258) set mailbox force user change pin next sign in; set pin expire user, please remind regard new pin select – must meet follow criteria: • pin must 6 digits • cannot repeat digits (such 11223344) • cannot sequential (such 123456) current authentication rules:"
101,Client Requirements and Errors," Monday, December 10, 2012 1:53 PM Berkadia Remote Access Client requirements and resolving potential errors Client computer requirements To use RD Web Access, client computers must be running at least Internet Explorer 6.0 and a version  of Remote Desktop Connection (RDC) that supports at least Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) 6.1. To determine the RDP version that RDC supports, start Remote Desktop Connection, click the icon in  the upper-left corner of the Remote Desktop Connection dialog box, and then click About. The RDP  version that RDC supports is listed in the About Remote Desktop Connection dialog box. RDC 6.1 supports Remote Desktop Protocol 6.1. RDC 6.1 is included with the following operating  systems: Windows Server 2008 Windows Vista with Service Pack 1 (SP1) Windows XP with Service Pack 3 (SP3) The version of RDC in Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2 supports RDP 7.0. The version of RDC  that you are using determines which features of RD Web Access are available to you. Additionally, the Remote Desktop Services ActiveX Client control must be enabled. The ActiveX  control is included with RDC 6.1 and the version of RDC in Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2. For more information about client computer requirements for using RD Web Access, see  http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=142240. Mac users will not be able to use RDWeb Apps but they can install a $20 app called iTap that will  allow them to RDP via RDGateway.  iTap will use pretty much the same settings as Windows (see  below) These settings can be added to your Windows RDP client and will allow you to RDP into any machine  in the company that your access allows.  You can pretty much look at it as RDP anywhere or RDP  over HTTP, just like Outlook.  This window can be found under the Advanced tab>Settings button in  your RDP client.  You must have the latest RDP client installed to get these options.      Below are some potential error messages that you may run into and how you can resolve them.   Most of these are XP errors and just require the installation of an MS Hotfix. XP clients may see the error above for the following reasons: RDP client needs to be upgraded (Instruct clients to click the Remote Desktop Client 7.0 link on the login page) The ActiveX control is not installed (the client should receive a prompt to install the  ActiveX control via a banner at the top of the browser) ActiveX downloads are not allowed by the browser (adjust the browser zone settings  accordingly or reset zones to their default settings) The machine or browser being used does not allow ActiveX controls (such as a Mac or  any browser other than Internet Explorer) Remote Desktop 7 KB Article: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/969084 Download Link: http://download.microsoft.com/download/A/D/B/ADB61C11-6705-437A-ACAD- CAA9C0200C4C/WindowsXP-KB969084-x86-enu.exe      CAA9C0200C4C/WindowsXP-KB969084-x86-enu.exe XP clients may see the error above if CredSSP or Network Level Authentication is not enabled.   Instruct clients to click the Enable network-level authentication link on the login page) CredSSP KB Article: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/951608 Download Link: http://go.microsoft.com/?linkid=9758284 If you receive the above error message, please ensure the following: A. Clients can access the following CRL http://crl.comodoca.com/ComodoHighAssuranceSecureServerCA.crl Note: If the client computer is behind a proxy server, you may have to set the proxy  settings for the Local System account by using the Proxycfg or Netsh utility.   Alternatively, the customer can allow direct access through their firewall. This is not a  typical scenario and would most likely only be an issue if clients were connecting from a  third party company. Instructions:  Open a command prompt and type the following commands depending on the OS. Windows XP proxycfg –u (Imports the current proxy settings from Internet Explorer) proxycfg –d (Enables Direct Access - default setting) Windows 7 netsh winhttp import proxy ie (Imports the current proxy settings from  Internet Explorer) netsh winhttp reset proxy (Enables Direct Access - default setting)      KB Article: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/317541 B. The local computer must have the Comodo High-Assurance Secure Server certificate in  the Intermediate or personal certificate store on their local computer.  Under normal  circumstances, this certificate should download automatically.  If for some reason it is  not present, clients can manually download and import the certificate into the  certificate store mentioned above. Download Link:  https://support.comodo.com/index.php? _m=downloads&_a=viewdownload&downloaditemid=101&nav=0,1,5 Users may receive this error when clicking on an RDWeb App if they are not a member of the correct  group.  See group definitions below. BCM Terminal Server Users – Berkadia users must be in this group in order to login and launch  RDWeb Apps on the RDINT Terminal Server farm.  This is comparable to the Netilla - Users Berkadia group. BCM Terminal Server Users - ACS – ACS users must be in this group in order to login and launch  RDWeb Apps on the RDEXT Terminal Server farm. See the Berkadia Remote Access – Security Groups doc for more info on groups      XP clients may also get this error when clicking on an RDWeb App if their machine does not have the  hotfix for Single Sign On SSO Patch http://support.microsoft.com/default.aspx?scid=kb;en-us;953760 If you receive this error, install the patch below Cred SSP Patch http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2203302    ","[72, 0, 72, 779]","[475, 479]","Client Requirements and Errors Client Requirements and Errors Client Requirements and Errors Client Requirements and Errors Client Requirements and Errors Client Requirements and Errors Client Requirements and Errors Client Requirements and Errors Client Requirements and Errors Client Requirements and Errors   Monday, December 10, 2012 1:53 PM Berkadia Remote Access Client requirements and resolving potential errors Client computer requirements To use RD Web Access, client computers must be running at least Internet Explorer 6.0 and a version  of Remote Desktop Connection (RDC) that supports at least Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) 6.1. To determine the RDP version that RDC supports, start Remote Desktop Connection, click the icon in  the upper-left corner of the Remote Desktop Connection dialog box, and then click About. The RDP  version that RDC supports is listed in the About Remote Desktop Connection dialog box. RDC 6.1 supports Remote Desktop Protocol 6.1. RDC 6.1 is included with the following operating  systems: Windows Server 2008 Windows Vista with Service Pack 1 (SP1) Windows XP with Service Pack 3 (SP3) The version of RDC in Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2 supports RDP 7.0. The version of RDC  that you are using determines which features of RD Web Access are available to you. Additionally, the Remote Desktop Services ActiveX Client control must be enabled. The ActiveX  control is included with RDC 6.1 and the version of RDC in Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2. For more information about client computer requirements for using RD Web Access, see  http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=142240. Mac users will not be able to use RDWeb Apps but they can install a $20 app called iTap that will  allow them to RDP via RDGateway.  iTap will use pretty much the same settings as Windows (see  below) These settings can be added to your Windows RDP client and will allow you to RDP into any machine  in the company that your access allows.  You can pretty much look at it as RDP anywhere or RDP  over HTTP, just like Outlook.  This window can be found under the Advanced tab>Settings button in  your RDP client.  You must have the latest RDP client installed to get these options.      Below are some potential error messages that you may run into and how you can resolve them.   Most of these are XP errors and just require the installation of an MS Hotfix. XP clients may see the error above for the following reasons: RDP client needs to be upgraded (Instruct clients to click the Remote Desktop Client 7.0 link on the login page) The ActiveX control is not installed (the client should receive a prompt to install the  ActiveX control via a banner at the top of the browser) ActiveX downloads are not allowed by the browser (adjust the browser zone settings  accordingly or reset zones to their default settings) The machine or browser being used does not allow ActiveX controls (such as a Mac or  any browser other than Internet Explorer) Remote Desktop 7 KB Article: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/969084 Download Link: http://download.microsoft.com/download/A/D/B/ADB61C11-6705-437A-ACAD- CAA9C0200C4C/WindowsXP-KB969084-x86-enu.exe      CAA9C0200C4C/WindowsXP-KB969084-x86-enu.exe XP clients may see the error above if CredSSP or Network Level Authentication is not enabled.   Instruct clients to click the Enable network-level authentication link on the login page) CredSSP KB Article: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/951608 Download Link: http://go.microsoft.com/?linkid=9758284 If you receive the above error message, please ensure the following: A. Clients can access the following CRL http://crl.comodoca.com/ComodoHighAssuranceSecureServerCA.crl Note: If the client computer is behind a proxy server, you may have to set the proxy  settings for the Local System account by using the Proxycfg or Netsh utility.   Alternatively, the customer can allow direct access through their firewall. This is not a  typical scenario and would most likely only be an issue if clients were connecting from a  third party company. Instructions:  Open a command prompt and type the following commands depending on the OS. Windows XP proxycfg –u (Imports the current proxy settings from Internet Explorer) proxycfg –d (Enables Direct Access - default setting) Windows 7 netsh winhttp import proxy ie (Imports the current proxy settings from  Internet Explorer) netsh winhttp reset proxy (Enables Direct Access - default setting)      KB Article: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/317541 B. The local computer must have the Comodo High-Assurance Secure Server certificate in  the Intermediate or personal certificate store on their local computer.  Under normal  circumstances, this certificate should download automatically.  If for some reason it is  not present, clients can manually download and import the certificate into the  certificate store mentioned above. Download Link:  https://support.comodo.com/index.php? _m=downloads&_a=viewdownload&downloaditemid=101&nav=0,1,5 Users may receive this error when clicking on an RDWeb App if they are not a member of the correct  group.  See group definitions below. BCM Terminal Server Users – Berkadia users must be in this group in order to login and launch  RDWeb Apps on the RDINT Terminal Server farm.  This is comparable to the Netilla - Users Berkadia group. BCM Terminal Server Users - ACS – ACS users must be in this group in order to login and launch  RDWeb Apps on the RDEXT Terminal Server farm. See the Berkadia Remote Access – Security Groups doc for more info on groups      XP clients may also get this error when clicking on an RDWeb App if their machine does not have the  hotfix for Single Sign On SSO Patch http://support.microsoft.com/default.aspx?scid=kb;en-us;953760 If you receive this error, install the patch below Cred SSP Patch http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2203302    ","client requirements errors client requirements errors client requirements errors client requirements errors client requirements errors client requirements errors client requirements errors client requirements errors client requirements errors client requirements errors monday, december 10, 2012 1:53 pm berkadia remote access client requirements resolve potential errors client computer requirements use rd web access, client computers must run least internet explorer 6.0 version remote desktop connection (rdc) support least remote desktop protocol (rdp) 6.1. determine rdp version rdc supports, start remote desktop connection, click icon upper-left corner remote desktop connection dialog box, click about. rdp version rdc support list remote desktop connection dialog box. rdc 6.1 support remote desktop protocol 6.1. rdc 6.1 include follow operate systems: windows server 2008 windows vista service pack 1 (sp1) windows xp service pack 3 (sp3) version rdc windows 7 windows server 2008 r2 support rdp 7.0. version rdc use determine feature rd web access available you. additionally, remote desktop service activex client control must enabled. activex control include rdc 6.1 version rdc windows 7 windows server 2008 r2. information client computer requirements use rd web access, see http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/linkid=142240. mac users able use rdweb apps install $20 app call itap allow rdp via rdgateway. itap use pretty much settings windows (see below) settings add windows rdp client allow rdp machine company access allows. pretty much look rdp anywhere rdp http, like outlook. window find advance tab>settings button rdp client. must latest rdp client instal get options. potential error message may run resolve them. xp errors require installation ms hotfix. xp clients may see error follow reasons: rdp client need upgrade (instruct clients click remote desktop client 7.0 link login page) activex control instal (the client receive prompt install activex control via banner top browser) activex download allow browser (adjust browser zone settings accordingly reset zone default settings) machine browser use allow activex control (such mac browser internet explorer) remote desktop 7 kb article: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/969084 download link: http://download.microsoft.com/download/a/d/b/adb61c11-6705-437a-acad- caa9c0200c4c/windowsxp-kb969084-x86-enu.exe caa9c0200c4c/windowsxp-kb969084-x86-enu.exe xp clients may see error credssp network level authentication enabled. instruct clients click enable network-level authentication link login page) credssp kb article: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/951608 download link: http://go.microsoft.com/linkid=9758284 receive error message, please ensure following: a. clients access follow crl http://crl.comodoca.com/comodohighassurancesecureserverca.crl note: client computer behind proxy server, may set proxy settings local system account use proxycfg netsh utility. alternatively, customer allow direct access firewall. typical scenario would likely issue clients connect third party company. instructions: open command prompt type follow command depend os. windows xp proxycfg –u (imports current proxy settings internet explorer) proxycfg –d (enables direct access - default setting) windows 7 netsh winhttp import proxy ie (imports current proxy settings internet explorer) netsh winhttp reset proxy (enables direct access - default setting) kb article: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/317541 b. local computer must comodo high-assurance secure server certificate intermediate personal certificate store local computer. normal circumstances, certificate download automatically. reason present, clients manually download import certificate certificate store mention above. download link: https://support.comodo.com/index.php _m=downloads&_a=viewdownload&downloaditemid=101&nav=0,1,5 users may receive error click rdweb app member correct group. see group definitions below. bcm terminal server users – berkadia users must group order login launch rdweb apps rdint terminal server farm. comparable netilla - users berkadia group. bcm terminal server users - acs – acs users must group order login launch rdweb apps rdext terminal server farm. see berkadia remote access – security group doc info group xp clients may also get error click rdweb app machine hotfix single sign sso patch http://support.microsoft.com/default.aspxscid=kb;en-us;953760 receive error, install patch cred ssp patch http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2203302","Client Requirements and Errors Client Requirements and Errors   Monday, December 10, 2012 1:53 PM Berkadia Remote Access Client requirements and resolving potential errors Client computer requirements To use RD Web Access, client computers must be running at least Internet Explorer 6.0 and a version  of Remote Desktop Connection (RDC) that supports at least Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) 6.1. To determine the RDP version that RDC supports, start Remote Desktop Connection, click the icon in  the upper-left corner of the Remote Desktop Connection dialog box, and then click About. The RDP  version that RDC supports is listed in the About Remote Desktop Connection dialog box. RDC 6.1 supports Remote Desktop Protocol 6.1. RDC 6.1 is included with the following operating  systems: Windows Server 2008 Windows Vista with Service Pack 1 (SP1) Windows XP with Service Pack 3 (SP3) The version of RDC in Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2 supports RDP 7.0. The version of RDC  that you are using determines which features of RD Web Access are available to you. Additionally, the Remote Desktop Services ActiveX Client control must be enabled. The ActiveX  control is included with RDC 6.1 and the version of RDC in Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2. For more information about client computer requirements for using RD Web Access, see  http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=142240. Mac users will not be able to use RDWeb Apps but they can install a $20 app called iTap that will  allow them to RDP via RDGateway.  iTap will use pretty much the same settings as Windows (see  below) These settings can be added to your Windows RDP client and will allow you to RDP into any machine  in the company that your access allows.  You can pretty much look at it as RDP anywhere or RDP  over HTTP, just like Outlook.  This window can be found under the Advanced tab>Settings button in  your RDP client.  You must have the latest RDP client installed to get these options.      Below are some potential error messages that you may run into and how you can resolve them.   Most of these are XP errors and just require the installation of an MS Hotfix. XP clients may see the error above for the following reasons: RDP client needs to be upgraded (Instruct clients to click the Remote Desktop Client 7.0 link on the login page) The ActiveX control is not installed (the client should receive a prompt to install the  ActiveX control via a banner at the top of the browser) ActiveX downloads are not allowed by the browser (adjust the browser zone settings  accordingly or reset zones to their default settings) The machine or browser being used does not allow ActiveX controls (such as a Mac or  any browser other than Internet Explorer) Remote Desktop 7 KB Article: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/969084 Download Link: http://download.microsoft.com/download/A/D/B/ADB61C11-6705-437A-ACAD- CAA9C0200C4C/WindowsXP-KB969084-x86-enu.exe      CAA9C0200C4C/WindowsXP-KB969084-x86-enu.exe XP clients may see the error above if CredSSP or Network Level Authentication is not enabled.   Instruct clients to click the Enable network-level authentication link on the login page) CredSSP KB Article: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/951608 Download Link: http://go.microsoft.com/?linkid=9758284 If you receive the above error message, please ensure the following: A. Clients can access the following CRL http://crl.comodoca.com/ComodoHighAssuranceSecureServerCA.crl Note: If the client computer is behind a proxy server, you may have to set the proxy  settings for the Local System account by using the Proxycfg or Netsh utility.   Alternatively, the customer can allow direct access through their firewall. This is not a  typical scenario and would most likely only be an issue if clients were connecting from a  third party company. Instructions:  Open a command prompt and type the following commands depending on the OS. Windows XP proxycfg –u (Imports the current proxy settings from Internet Explorer) proxycfg –d (Enables Direct Access - default setting) Windows 7 netsh winhttp import proxy ie (Imports the current proxy settings from  Internet Explorer) netsh winhttp reset proxy (Enables Direct Access - default setting)      KB Article: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/317541 B. The local computer must have the Comodo High-Assurance Secure Server certificate in  the Intermediate or personal certificate store on their local computer.  Under normal  circumstances, this certificate should download automatically.  If for some reason it is  not present, clients can manually download and import the certificate into the  certificate store mentioned above. Download Link:  https://support.comodo.com/index.php? _m=downloads&_a=viewdownload&downloaditemid=101&nav=0,1,5 Users may receive this error when clicking on an RDWeb App if they are not a member of the correct  group.  See group definitions below. BCM Terminal Server Users – Berkadia users must be in this group in order to login and launch  RDWeb Apps on the RDINT Terminal Server farm.  This is comparable to the Netilla - Users Berkadia group. BCM Terminal Server Users - ACS – ACS users must be in this group in order to login and launch  RDWeb Apps on the RDEXT Terminal Server farm. See the Berkadia Remote Access – Security Groups doc for more info on groups      XP clients may also get this error when clicking on an RDWeb App if their machine does not have the  hotfix for Single Sign On SSO Patch http://support.microsoft.com/default.aspx?scid=kb;en-us;953760 If you receive this error, install the patch below Cred SSP Patch http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2203302    ","client requirements errors client requirements errors monday, december 10, 2012 1:53 pm berkadia remote access client requirements resolve potential errors client computer requirements use rd web access, client computers must run least internet explorer 6.0 version remote desktop connection (rdc) support least remote desktop protocol (rdp) 6.1. determine rdp version rdc supports, start remote desktop connection, click icon upper-left corner remote desktop connection dialog box, click about. rdp version rdc support list remote desktop connection dialog box. rdc 6.1 support remote desktop protocol 6.1. rdc 6.1 include follow operate systems: windows server 2008 windows vista service pack 1 (sp1) windows xp service pack 3 (sp3) version rdc windows 7 windows server 2008 r2 support rdp 7.0. version rdc use determine feature rd web access available you. additionally, remote desktop service activex client control must enabled. activex control include rdc 6.1 version rdc windows 7 windows server 2008 r2. information client computer requirements use rd web access, see http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/linkid=142240. mac users able use rdweb apps install $20 app call itap allow rdp via rdgateway. itap use pretty much settings windows (see below) settings add windows rdp client allow rdp machine company access allows. pretty much look rdp anywhere rdp http, like outlook. window find advance tab>settings button rdp client. must latest rdp client instal get options. potential error message may run resolve them. xp errors require installation ms hotfix. xp clients may see error follow reasons: rdp client need upgrade (instruct clients click remote desktop client 7.0 link login page) activex control instal (the client receive prompt install activex control via banner top browser) activex download allow browser (adjust browser zone settings accordingly reset zone default settings) machine browser use allow activex control (such mac browser internet explorer) remote desktop 7 kb article: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/969084 download link: http://download.microsoft.com/download/a/d/b/adb61c11-6705-437a-acad- caa9c0200c4c/windowsxp-kb969084-x86-enu.exe caa9c0200c4c/windowsxp-kb969084-x86-enu.exe xp clients may see error credssp network level authentication enabled. instruct clients click enable network-level authentication link login page) credssp kb article: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/951608 download link: http://go.microsoft.com/linkid=9758284 receive error message, please ensure following: a. clients access follow crl http://crl.comodoca.com/comodohighassurancesecureserverca.crl note: client computer behind proxy server, may set proxy settings local system account use proxycfg netsh utility. alternatively, customer allow direct access firewall. typical scenario would likely issue clients connect third party company. instructions: open command prompt type follow command depend os. windows xp proxycfg –u (imports current proxy settings internet explorer) proxycfg –d (enables direct access - default setting) windows 7 netsh winhttp import proxy ie (imports current proxy settings internet explorer) netsh winhttp reset proxy (enables direct access - default setting) kb article: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/317541 b. local computer must comodo high-assurance secure server certificate intermediate personal certificate store local computer. normal circumstances, certificate download automatically. reason present, clients manually download import certificate certificate store mention above. download link: https://support.comodo.com/index.php _m=downloads&_a=viewdownload&downloaditemid=101&nav=0,1,5 users may receive error click rdweb app member correct group. see group definitions below. bcm terminal server users – berkadia users must group order login launch rdweb apps rdint terminal server farm. comparable netilla - users berkadia group. bcm terminal server users - acs – acs users must group order login launch rdweb apps rdext terminal server farm. see berkadia remote access – security group doc info group xp clients may also get error click rdweb app machine hotfix single sign sso patch http://support.microsoft.com/default.aspxscid=kb;en-us;953760 receive error, install patch cred ssp patch http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2203302"
102,Computer PO Tracking Link," Tuesday, July 31, 2018 1:34 PM Computer PO Tracking    ","[72, 0, 162, 775]",[1304],"Computer PO Tracking Link Computer PO Tracking Link Computer PO Tracking Link Computer PO Tracking Link Computer PO Tracking Link Computer PO Tracking Link Computer PO Tracking Link Computer PO Tracking Link Computer PO Tracking Link Computer PO Tracking Link   Tuesday, July 31, 2018 1:34 PM Computer PO Tracking    ","computer po track link computer po track link computer po track link computer po track link computer po track link computer po track link computer po track link computer po track link computer po track link computer po track link tuesday, july 31, 2018 1:34 pm computer po track","Computer PO Tracking Link Computer PO Tracking Link   Tuesday, July 31, 2018 1:34 PM Computer PO Tracking    ","computer po track link computer po track link tuesday, july 31, 2018 1:34 pm computer po track"
103,Conference Room," Tuesday, October 31, 2017 10:34 AM 10 person conference room, TV and phone are on order.         ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[1025, 1026]","Conference Room Conference Room Conference Room Conference Room Conference Room Conference Room Conference Room Conference Room Conference Room Conference Room   Tuesday, October 31, 2017 10:34 AM 10 person conference room, TV and phone are on order.         ","conference room conference room conference room conference room conference room conference room conference room conference room conference room conference room tuesday, october 31, 2017 10:34 10 person conference room, tv phone order.","Conference Room Conference Room   Tuesday, October 31, 2017 10:34 AM 10 person conference room, TV and phone are on order.         ","conference room conference room tuesday, october 31, 2017 10:34 10 person conference room, tv phone order."
104,Conference Rooms," Tuesday, February 28, 2017 9:34 AM There are 7 conference rooms in Chevy Chase Washington is the biggest and is the glass walled room right by the lobby (has video conferencing  unit)      Jefferson (has video conferencing unit)           Small Conf Rooms/Huddle Rooms      Madison Hamilton      Hancock      Franklin      Adams                Monday, July 02, 2018 11:20 AM There are two smaller conference rooms that include Cisco Teleconferencing equipment and  laptop ports in the table:      Main Conference room:      Tuesday, June 28, 2016 2:48 PM Main Conference room has a 75 inch TV and a video conferencing unit           Small Conference Room has a 60 inch TV, no video unit           Monday, December 12, 2016 1:11 PM There are two conference rooms right off of the main entry/lobby of the office, one large and one  small. The rooms are not finished yet, but will be soon and both will have displays mounted on the  wall.         ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[876, 994]","Conference Rooms Conference Rooms Conference Rooms Conference Rooms Conference Rooms Conference Rooms Conference Rooms Conference Rooms Conference Rooms Conference Rooms   Tuesday, February 28, 2017 9:34 AM There are 7 conference rooms in Chevy Chase Washington is the biggest and is the glass walled room right by the lobby (has video conferencing  unit)      Jefferson (has video conferencing unit)           Small Conf Rooms/Huddle Rooms      Madison Hamilton      Hancock      Franklin      Adams                Monday, July 02, 2018 11:20 AM There are two smaller conference rooms that include Cisco Teleconferencing equipment and  laptop ports in the table:      Main Conference room:      Tuesday, June 28, 2016 2:48 PM Main Conference room has a 75 inch TV and a video conferencing unit           Small Conference Room has a 60 inch TV, no video unit           Monday, December 12, 2016 1:11 PM There are two conference rooms right off of the main entry/lobby of the office, one large and one  small. The rooms are not finished yet, but will be soon and both will have displays mounted on the  wall.         ","conference room conference room conference room conference room conference room conference room conference room conference room conference room conference room tuesday, february 28, 2017 9:34 7 conference room chevy chase washington biggest glass wall room right lobby (has video conferencing unit) jefferson (has video conferencing unit) small conf rooms/huddle room madison hamilton hancock franklin adams monday, july 02, 2018 11:20 two smaller conference room include cisco teleconferencing equipment laptop port table: main conference room: tuesday, june 28, 2016 2:48 pm main conference room 75 inch tv video conferencing unit small conference room 60 inch tv, video unit monday, december 12, 2016 1:11 pm two conference room right main entry/lobby office, one large one small. room finish yet, soon display mount wall.","Conference Rooms Conference Rooms   Tuesday, February 28, 2017 9:34 AM There are 7 conference rooms in Chevy Chase Washington is the biggest and is the glass walled room right by the lobby (has video conferencing  unit)      Jefferson (has video conferencing unit)           Small Conf Rooms/Huddle Rooms      Madison Hamilton      Hancock      Franklin      Adams                Monday, July 02, 2018 11:20 AM There are two smaller conference rooms that include Cisco Teleconferencing equipment and  laptop ports in the table:      Main Conference room:      Tuesday, June 28, 2016 2:48 PM Main Conference room has a 75 inch TV and a video conferencing unit           Small Conference Room has a 60 inch TV, no video unit           Monday, December 12, 2016 1:11 PM There are two conference rooms right off of the main entry/lobby of the office, one large and one  small. The rooms are not finished yet, but will be soon and both will have displays mounted on the  wall.         ","conference room conference room tuesday, february 28, 2017 9:34 7 conference room chevy chase washington biggest glass wall room right lobby (has video conferencing unit) jefferson (has video conferencing unit) small conf rooms/huddle room madison hamilton hancock franklin adams monday, july 02, 2018 11:20 two smaller conference room include cisco teleconferencing equipment laptop port table: main conference room: tuesday, june 28, 2016 2:48 pm main conference room 75 inch tv video conferencing unit small conference room 60 inch tv, video unit monday, december 12, 2016 1:11 pm two conference room right main entry/lobby office, one large one small. room finish yet, soon display mount wall."
105,Configure IOS Device - Remote Desktop," Wednesday, March 16, 2016 10:30 PM","[72, 769, 247, 779]",[149],"Configure IOS Device - Remote Desktop Configure IOS Device - Remote Desktop Configure IOS Device - Remote Desktop Configure IOS Device - Remote Desktop Configure IOS Device - Remote Desktop Configure IOS Device - Remote Desktop Configure IOS Device - Remote Desktop Configure IOS Device - Remote Desktop Configure IOS Device - Remote Desktop Configure IOS Device - Remote Desktop   Wednesday, March 16, 2016 10:30 PM","configure ios device - remote desktop configure ios device - remote desktop configure ios device - remote desktop configure ios device - remote desktop configure ios device - remote desktop configure ios device - remote desktop configure ios device - remote desktop configure ios device - remote desktop configure ios device - remote desktop configure ios device - remote desktop wednesday, march 16, 2016 10:30 pm","Configure IOS Device - Remote Desktop Configure IOS Device - Remote Desktop   Wednesday, March 16, 2016 10:30 PM","configure ios device - remote desktop configure ios device - remote desktop wednesday, march 16, 2016 10:30 pm"
106,Configuring Dropbox App," 11:51 AM Wednesday, December 03, 2014 Once the Dropbox app is installed from www.dropbox.com you’ll need to locate the app in the  system tray. Click on the app (this will open a small window), then click the “gear” icon in the upper right hand  corner. This will open a new window, select Proxies, select Auto-detect. Select OK. Open “gear” menu once more as described above. Select Exit Dropbox.      Re-launch Dropbox from the start menu. It may take a few minutes for the sync process to start,  please verify with user.      11:51 AM Wednesday, December 03, 2014 Once the Dropbox app is installed from www.dropbox.com you’ll need to locate the app in the  system tray. Click on the app (this will open a small window), then click the “gear” icon in the upper right hand  corner. This will open a new window, select Proxies, select Auto-detect and then click OK. Open “gear” menu once more as described above. Select Exit Dropbox.      Re-launch Dropbox from the start menu. It may take a few minutes for the sync process to start,  please verify with user.    ","[72, 0, 72, 667]","[399, 402]","Configuring Dropbox App Configuring Dropbox App Configuring Dropbox App Configuring Dropbox App Configuring Dropbox App Configuring Dropbox App Configuring Dropbox App Configuring Dropbox App Configuring Dropbox App Configuring Dropbox App   11:51 AM Wednesday, December 03, 2014 Once the Dropbox app is installed from www.dropbox.com you’ll need to locate the app in the  system tray. Click on the app (this will open a small window), then click the “gear” icon in the upper right hand  corner. This will open a new window, select Proxies, select Auto-detect. Select OK. Open “gear” menu once more as described above. Select Exit Dropbox.      Re-launch Dropbox from the start menu. It may take a few minutes for the sync process to start,  please verify with user.      11:51 AM Wednesday, December 03, 2014 Once the Dropbox app is installed from www.dropbox.com you’ll need to locate the app in the  system tray. Click on the app (this will open a small window), then click the “gear” icon in the upper right hand  corner. This will open a new window, select Proxies, select Auto-detect and then click OK. Open “gear” menu once more as described above. Select Exit Dropbox.      Re-launch Dropbox from the start menu. It may take a few minutes for the sync process to start,  please verify with user.    ","configure dropbox app configure dropbox app configure dropbox app configure dropbox app configure dropbox app configure dropbox app configure dropbox app configure dropbox app configure dropbox app configure dropbox app 11:51 wednesday, december 03, 2014 dropbox app instal www.dropbox.com you’ll need locate app system tray. click app (this open small window), click “gear” icon upper right hand corner. open new window, select proxies, select auto-detect. select ok. open “gear” menu describe above. select exit dropbox. re-launch dropbox start menu. may take minutes sync process start, please verify user. 11:51 wednesday, december 03, 2014 dropbox app instal www.dropbox.com you’ll need locate app system tray. click app (this open small window), click “gear” icon upper right hand corner. open new window, select proxies, select auto-detect click ok. open “gear” menu describe above. select exit dropbox. re-launch dropbox start menu. may take minutes sync process start, please verify user.","Configuring Dropbox App Configuring Dropbox App   11:51 AM Wednesday, December 03, 2014 Once the Dropbox app is installed from www.dropbox.com you’ll need to locate the app in the  system tray. Click on the app (this will open a small window), then click the “gear” icon in the upper right hand  corner. This will open a new window, select Proxies, select Auto-detect. Select OK. Open “gear” menu once more as described above. Select Exit Dropbox.      Re-launch Dropbox from the start menu. It may take a few minutes for the sync process to start,  please verify with user.      11:51 AM Wednesday, December 03, 2014 Once the Dropbox app is installed from www.dropbox.com you’ll need to locate the app in the  system tray. Click on the app (this will open a small window), then click the “gear” icon in the upper right hand  corner. This will open a new window, select Proxies, select Auto-detect and then click OK. Open “gear” menu once more as described above. Select Exit Dropbox.      Re-launch Dropbox from the start menu. It may take a few minutes for the sync process to start,  please verify with user.    ","configure dropbox app configure dropbox app 11:51 wednesday, december 03, 2014 dropbox app instal www.dropbox.com you’ll need locate app system tray. click app (this open small window), click “gear” icon upper right hand corner. open new window, select proxies, select auto-detect. select ok. open “gear” menu describe above. select exit dropbox. re-launch dropbox start menu. may take minutes sync process start, please verify user. 11:51 wednesday, december 03, 2014 dropbox app instal www.dropbox.com you’ll need locate app system tray. click app (this open small window), click “gear” icon upper right hand corner. open new window, select proxies, select auto-detect click ok. open “gear” menu describe above. select exit dropbox. re-launch dropbox start menu. may take minutes sync process start, please verify user."
107,Configuring iTap," Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:22 AM","[72, 769, 252, 779]",[486],"Configuring iTap Configuring iTap Configuring iTap Configuring iTap Configuring iTap Configuring iTap Configuring iTap Configuring iTap Configuring iTap Configuring iTap   Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:22 AM","configure itap configure itap configure itap configure itap configure itap configure itap configure itap configure itap configure itap configure itap thursday, december 13, 2012 11:22","Configuring iTap Configuring iTap   Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:22 AM","configure itap configure itap thursday, december 13, 2012 11:22"
108,Connect to VPN using Forticlient," Wednesday, March 16, 2016 10:29 PM In order to connect to the VPN: Open the FortiClient Application. Type in your network username (the one you use to log into the computer) and network password. Ensure the Certificate field has “Cert2” as the selected certificate. Choose “Connect”. In the event of slowness or failure to connect, a backup VPN is available:       This will work best for users closer to the west coast.     ","[72, 0, 72, 779]","[171, 172]","Connect to VPN using Forticlient Connect to VPN using Forticlient Connect to VPN using Forticlient Connect to VPN using Forticlient Connect to VPN using Forticlient Connect to VPN using Forticlient Connect to VPN using Forticlient Connect to VPN using Forticlient Connect to VPN using Forticlient Connect to VPN using Forticlient   Wednesday, March 16, 2016 10:29 PM In order to connect to the VPN: Open the FortiClient Application. Type in your network username (the one you use to log into the computer) and network password. Ensure the Certificate field has “Cert2” as the selected certificate. Choose “Connect”. In the event of slowness or failure to connect, a backup VPN is available:       This will work best for users closer to the west coast.     ","connect vpn use forticlient connect vpn use forticlient connect vpn use forticlient connect vpn use forticlient connect vpn use forticlient connect vpn use forticlient connect vpn use forticlient connect vpn use forticlient connect vpn use forticlient connect vpn use forticlient wednesday, march 16, 2016 10:29 pm order connect vpn: open forticlient application. type network username (the one use log computer) network password. ensure certificate field “cert2” select certificate. choose “connect”. event slowness failure connect, backup vpn available: work best users closer west coast.","Connect to VPN using Forticlient Connect to VPN using Forticlient   Wednesday, March 16, 2016 10:29 PM In order to connect to the VPN: Open the FortiClient Application. Type in your network username (the one you use to log into the computer) and network password. Ensure the Certificate field has “Cert2” as the selected certificate. Choose “Connect”. In the event of slowness or failure to connect, a backup VPN is available:       This will work best for users closer to the west coast.     ","connect vpn use forticlient connect vpn use forticlient wednesday, march 16, 2016 10:29 pm order connect vpn: open forticlient application. type network username (the one use log computer) network password. ensure certificate field “cert2” select certificate. choose “connect”. event slowness failure connect, backup vpn available: work best users closer west coast."
109,Connecting to your remote desktop, Select the Remote Desktop link at the top    ,"[69, 0, 271, 487]",[493],Connecting to your remote desktop Connecting to your remote desktop Connecting to your remote desktop Connecting to your remote desktop Connecting to your remote desktop Connecting to your remote desktop Connecting to your remote desktop Connecting to your remote desktop Connecting to your remote desktop Connecting to your remote desktop   Select the Remote Desktop link at the top    ,connect remote desktop connect remote desktop connect remote desktop connect remote desktop connect remote desktop connect remote desktop connect remote desktop connect remote desktop connect remote desktop connect remote desktop select remote desktop link top,Connecting to your remote desktop Connecting to your remote desktop   Select the Remote Desktop link at the top    ,connect remote desktop connect remote desktop select remote desktop link top
110,Contact List Not Working To Field," Monday, December 10, 2012 2:21 PM YOUR CONTACT LIST ISN´T WORKING CORRECTLY AFTER PRESSING THE ""TO"" BUTTON 1. Start Outlook 2. If your folder list is not showing, click VIEW | FOLDER LIST 3. Right click on your Contact folder and select properties 4. OUTLOOK ADRESS BOOK and check if the box ""Show this folder as an e-mail Address Book"" is  activate. Click OK 5. Go to TOOLS | SERVICES  6. Click the Addressing tab and in the drop down box tabled ""Show this Address Book First! select  Contacts.    ","[72, 0, 508, 779]",[329],"Contact List Not Working To Field Contact List Not Working To Field Contact List Not Working To Field Contact List Not Working To Field Contact List Not Working To Field Contact List Not Working To Field Contact List Not Working To Field Contact List Not Working To Field Contact List Not Working To Field Contact List Not Working To Field   Monday, December 10, 2012 2:21 PM YOUR CONTACT LIST ISN´T WORKING CORRECTLY AFTER PRESSING THE ""TO"" BUTTON 1. Start Outlook 2. If your folder list is not showing, click VIEW | FOLDER LIST 3. Right click on your Contact folder and select properties 4. OUTLOOK ADRESS BOOK and check if the box ""Show this folder as an e-mail Address Book"" is  activate. Click OK 5. Go to TOOLS | SERVICES  6. Click the Addressing tab and in the drop down box tabled ""Show this Address Book First! select  Contacts.    ","contact list work field contact list work field contact list work field contact list work field contact list work field contact list work field contact list work field contact list work field contact list work field contact list work field monday, december 10, 2012 2:21 pm contact list isn´t work correctly press ""to"" button 1. start outlook 2. folder list showing, click view | folder list 3. right click contact folder select properties 4. outlook adress book check box ""show folder e-mail address book"" activate. click ok 5. go tool | service 6. click address tab drop box table ""show address book first! select contacts.","Contact List Not Working To Field Contact List Not Working To Field   Monday, December 10, 2012 2:21 PM YOUR CONTACT LIST ISN´T WORKING CORRECTLY AFTER PRESSING THE ""TO"" BUTTON 1. Start Outlook 2. If your folder list is not showing, click VIEW | FOLDER LIST 3. Right click on your Contact folder and select properties 4. OUTLOOK ADRESS BOOK and check if the box ""Show this folder as an e-mail Address Book"" is  activate. Click OK 5. Go to TOOLS | SERVICES  6. Click the Addressing tab and in the drop down box tabled ""Show this Address Book First! select  Contacts.    ","contact list work field contact list work field monday, december 10, 2012 2:21 pm contact list isn´t work correctly press ""to"" button 1. start outlook 2. folder list showing, click view | folder list 3. right click contact folder select properties 4. outlook adress book check box ""show folder e-mail address book"" activate. click ok 5. go tool | service 6. click address tab drop box table ""show address book first! select contacts."
111,Contacts List Display Order," Monday, December 10, 2012 2:18 PM HOW TO DISPLAY THE CONTACTS LIST IN LAST NAME,FIRST NAME ORDER 1. Launch Outlook 2. TOOLS | E-MAIL ACCOUNTS | ""View or change existing directiories or address books | NEXT 3. Outlook Adress Book | CHANGE 4. Under Outlook Adress Book, click Contacts:Mailbox - MailboxName, and then click FILE AS (SMITH,  JOHN)  5. Click CLOSE and then FINISH Verify that the newly created contacts are filed in ""last name, first name"" order: 1. TOOLS | OPTIONS | PREFERENCES | CONTACT OPTIONS 2. In the Conatct Options dialog box, click LAST, FIRST in the Default ""File As"" order list. After that  click OK. 3. Restart Outlook  If you want to display a particular contact in a different order than the rest of the Contact list,  you can modify the File As field for individual entries. For example, you may want to sort some  contacts by the Company field. To do so, double-click the contact that you want to modify, click the  DOWN ARROW key in the File As field to open the list of options, and then click the option that you  want     ","[72, 0, 525, 779]",[325],"Contacts List Display Order Contacts List Display Order Contacts List Display Order Contacts List Display Order Contacts List Display Order Contacts List Display Order Contacts List Display Order Contacts List Display Order Contacts List Display Order Contacts List Display Order   Monday, December 10, 2012 2:18 PM HOW TO DISPLAY THE CONTACTS LIST IN LAST NAME,FIRST NAME ORDER 1. Launch Outlook 2. TOOLS | E-MAIL ACCOUNTS | ""View or change existing directiories or address books | NEXT 3. Outlook Adress Book | CHANGE 4. Under Outlook Adress Book, click Contacts:Mailbox - MailboxName, and then click FILE AS (SMITH,  JOHN)  5. Click CLOSE and then FINISH Verify that the newly created contacts are filed in ""last name, first name"" order: 1. TOOLS | OPTIONS | PREFERENCES | CONTACT OPTIONS 2. In the Conatct Options dialog box, click LAST, FIRST in the Default ""File As"" order list. After that  click OK. 3. Restart Outlook  If you want to display a particular contact in a different order than the rest of the Contact list,  you can modify the File As field for individual entries. For example, you may want to sort some  contacts by the Company field. To do so, double-click the contact that you want to modify, click the  DOWN ARROW key in the File As field to open the list of options, and then click the option that you  want     ","contact list display order contact list display order contact list display order contact list display order contact list display order contact list display order contact list display order contact list display order contact list display order contact list display order monday, december 10, 2012 2:18 pm display contact list last name,first name order 1. launch outlook 2. tool | e-mail account | ""view change exist directiories address book | next 3. outlook adress book | change 4. outlook adress book, click contacts:mailbox - mailboxname, click file (smith, john) 5. click close finish verify newly create contact file ""last name, first name"" order: 1. tool | options | preferences | contact options 2. conatct options dialog box, click last, first default ""file as"" order list. click ok. 3. restart outlook want display particular contact different order rest contact list, modify file field individual entries. example, may want sort contact company field. so, double-click contact want modify, click arrow key file field open list options, click option want","Contacts List Display Order Contacts List Display Order   Monday, December 10, 2012 2:18 PM HOW TO DISPLAY THE CONTACTS LIST IN LAST NAME,FIRST NAME ORDER 1. Launch Outlook 2. TOOLS | E-MAIL ACCOUNTS | ""View or change existing directiories or address books | NEXT 3. Outlook Adress Book | CHANGE 4. Under Outlook Adress Book, click Contacts:Mailbox - MailboxName, and then click FILE AS (SMITH,  JOHN)  5. Click CLOSE and then FINISH Verify that the newly created contacts are filed in ""last name, first name"" order: 1. TOOLS | OPTIONS | PREFERENCES | CONTACT OPTIONS 2. In the Conatct Options dialog box, click LAST, FIRST in the Default ""File As"" order list. After that  click OK. 3. Restart Outlook  If you want to display a particular contact in a different order than the rest of the Contact list,  you can modify the File As field for individual entries. For example, you may want to sort some  contacts by the Company field. To do so, double-click the contact that you want to modify, click the  DOWN ARROW key in the File As field to open the list of options, and then click the option that you  want     ","contact list display order contact list display order monday, december 10, 2012 2:18 pm display contact list last name,first name order 1. launch outlook 2. tool | e-mail account | ""view change exist directiories address book | next 3. outlook adress book | change 4. outlook adress book, click contacts:mailbox - mailboxname, click file (smith, john) 5. click close finish verify newly create contact file ""last name, first name"" order: 1. tool | options | preferences | contact options 2. conatct options dialog box, click last, first default ""file as"" order list. click ok. 3. restart outlook want display particular contact different order rest contact list, modify file field individual entries. example, may want sort contact company field. so, double-click contact want modify, click arrow key file field open list options, click option want"
112,Contacts Not Showing In Send Mail," Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:23 AM","[72, 769, 252, 779]",[335],"Contacts Not Showing In Send Mail Contacts Not Showing In Send Mail Contacts Not Showing In Send Mail Contacts Not Showing In Send Mail Contacts Not Showing In Send Mail Contacts Not Showing In Send Mail Contacts Not Showing In Send Mail Contacts Not Showing In Send Mail Contacts Not Showing In Send Mail Contacts Not Showing In Send Mail   Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:23 AM","contact show send mail contact show send mail contact show send mail contact show send mail contact show send mail contact show send mail contact show send mail contact show send mail contact show send mail contact show send mail thursday, december 13, 2012 11:23","Contacts Not Showing In Send Mail Contacts Not Showing In Send Mail   Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:23 AM","contact show send mail contact show send mail thursday, december 13, 2012 11:23"
113,Contacts by Location," Wednesday, July 11, 2018 4:29 PM Atlanta: Austin COM236 Mishay Boyd COM273 Amy Kennedy Birmingham: COM563 Stephanie Baine Boston:  Camas: Chicago COM227 Amanda Swift- Left, need new contact COM219 Rob Affleck COM210 Sandy Wettig Columbus: COM345 Matt Napoleon Dallas COM274 Amy Cowling, Sharon Davis DC Metro: COM715 Joanne Katis Denver:  Detroit:  COM212 Jessica Sanchez, Cc: Mark Myers COM011 Esther Tuckhalper Henderson: COM563 Sarah Garcia Irvine: COM221 Julie Nylander Los Angeles COM521 Shaun Lee New York Proper:  COM010 Maryanne Sculley Orlando:  Pasadena:  Portland: Raleigh: COM529 Mary Beale COM795 Janine Garrison COM795 Brad Biddle COM325 Henry Tanner Richmond:  COM330 Tracey O'Brien San Francisco:  COM221 Eileen McCormack Seattle:  Utah: COM553 Kacey Ford ADM720 Travis Hymas     ","[72, 0, 177, 775]",[1301],"Contacts by Location Contacts by Location Contacts by Location Contacts by Location Contacts by Location Contacts by Location Contacts by Location Contacts by Location Contacts by Location Contacts by Location   Wednesday, July 11, 2018 4:29 PM Atlanta: Austin COM236 Mishay Boyd COM273 Amy Kennedy Birmingham: COM563 Stephanie Baine Boston:  Camas: Chicago COM227 Amanda Swift- Left, need new contact COM219 Rob Affleck COM210 Sandy Wettig Columbus: COM345 Matt Napoleon Dallas COM274 Amy Cowling, Sharon Davis DC Metro: COM715 Joanne Katis Denver:  Detroit:  COM212 Jessica Sanchez, Cc: Mark Myers COM011 Esther Tuckhalper Henderson: COM563 Sarah Garcia Irvine: COM221 Julie Nylander Los Angeles COM521 Shaun Lee New York Proper:  COM010 Maryanne Sculley Orlando:  Pasadena:  Portland: Raleigh: COM529 Mary Beale COM795 Janine Garrison COM795 Brad Biddle COM325 Henry Tanner Richmond:  COM330 Tracey O'Brien San Francisco:  COM221 Eileen McCormack Seattle:  Utah: COM553 Kacey Ford ADM720 Travis Hymas     ","contact location contact location contact location contact location contact location contact location contact location contact location contact location contact location wednesday, july 11, 2018 4:29 pm atlanta: austin com236 mishay boyd com273 amy kennedy birmingham: com563 stephanie baine boston: camas: chicago com227 amanda swift- left, need new contact com219 rob affleck com210 sandy wettig columbus: com345 matt napoleon dallas com274 amy cowling, sharon davis dc metro: com715 joanne katis denver: detroit: com212 jessica sanchez, cc: mark myers com011 esther tuckhalper henderson: com563 sarah garcia irvine: com221 julie nylander los angeles com521 shaun lee new york proper: com010 maryanne sculley orlando: pasadena: portland: raleigh: com529 mary beale com795 janine garrison com795 brad biddle com325 henry tanner richmond: com330 tracey o'brien san francisco: com221 eileen mccormack seattle: utah: com553 kacey ford adm720 travis hymas","Contacts by Location Contacts by Location   Wednesday, July 11, 2018 4:29 PM Atlanta: Austin COM236 Mishay Boyd COM273 Amy Kennedy Birmingham: COM563 Stephanie Baine Boston:  Camas: Chicago COM227 Amanda Swift- Left, need new contact COM219 Rob Affleck COM210 Sandy Wettig Columbus: COM345 Matt Napoleon Dallas COM274 Amy Cowling, Sharon Davis DC Metro: COM715 Joanne Katis Denver:  Detroit:  COM212 Jessica Sanchez, Cc: Mark Myers COM011 Esther Tuckhalper Henderson: COM563 Sarah Garcia Irvine: COM221 Julie Nylander Los Angeles COM521 Shaun Lee New York Proper:  COM010 Maryanne Sculley Orlando:  Pasadena:  Portland: Raleigh: COM529 Mary Beale COM795 Janine Garrison COM795 Brad Biddle COM325 Henry Tanner Richmond:  COM330 Tracey O'Brien San Francisco:  COM221 Eileen McCormack Seattle:  Utah: COM553 Kacey Ford ADM720 Travis Hymas     ","contact location contact location wednesday, july 11, 2018 4:29 pm atlanta: austin com236 mishay boyd com273 amy kennedy birmingham: com563 stephanie baine boston: camas: chicago com227 amanda swift- left, need new contact com219 rob affleck com210 sandy wettig columbus: com345 matt napoleon dallas com274 amy cowling, sharon davis dc metro: com715 joanne katis denver: detroit: com212 jessica sanchez, cc: mark myers com011 esther tuckhalper henderson: com563 sarah garcia irvine: com221 julie nylander los angeles com521 shaun lee new york proper: com010 maryanne sculley orlando: pasadena: portland: raleigh: com529 mary beale com795 janine garrison com795 brad biddle com325 henry tanner richmond: com330 tracey o'brien san francisco: com221 eileen mccormack seattle: utah: com553 kacey ford adm720 travis hymas"
114,Copier/Printer," Thursday, June 30, 2016 12:26 PM Sharp MX-3140 Located inside Break room/kitchen/server room IP = 192.168.105.21 (DHCP Reservation) Print Server = \\cawoof1           Tuesday, October 31, 2017 10:24 AM There is no server so clients need to connect via direct IP. IP = 192.168.63.18    ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[923, 1019]","Copier/Printer Copier/Printer Copier/Printer Copier/Printer Copier/Printer Copier/Printer Copier/Printer Copier/Printer Copier/Printer Copier/Printer   Thursday, June 30, 2016 12:26 PM Sharp MX-3140 Located inside Break room/kitchen/server room IP = 192.168.105.21 (DHCP Reservation) Print Server = \\cawoof1           Tuesday, October 31, 2017 10:24 AM There is no server so clients need to connect via direct IP. IP = 192.168.63.18    ","copier/printer copier/printer copier/printer copier/printer copier/printer copier/printer copier/printer copier/printer copier/printer copier/printer thursday, june 30, 2016 12:26 pm sharp mx-3140 locate inside break room/kitchen/server room ip = 192.168.105.21 (dhcp reservation) print server = \\cawoof1 tuesday, october 31, 2017 10:24 server clients need connect via direct ip. ip = 192.168.63.18","Copier/Printer Copier/Printer   Thursday, June 30, 2016 12:26 PM Sharp MX-3140 Located inside Break room/kitchen/server room IP = 192.168.105.21 (DHCP Reservation) Print Server = \\cawoof1           Tuesday, October 31, 2017 10:24 AM There is no server so clients need to connect via direct IP. IP = 192.168.63.18    ","copier/printer copier/printer thursday, june 30, 2016 12:26 pm sharp mx-3140 locate inside break room/kitchen/server room ip = 192.168.105.21 (dhcp reservation) print server = \\cawoof1 tuesday, october 31, 2017 10:24 server clients need connect via direct ip. ip = 192.168.63.18"
115,Copiers/Printers," Monday, July 10, 2017 9:27 AM There are two Xerox copiers and two HP printers                Tuesday, February 28, 2017 9:33 AM There are 2 copiers and two printers Print server = \\mdbetf1 The copiers are located in the work area near the server room                The printers are located across from Andy Coleman's office           Sunday, June 26, 2016 4:04 PM Konica Minolta Bizhub C284e Located outside server room, near collaboration space (Closest office Adrienne Barr) IP = 192.168.70.37 Print Server = \\calosf2 Xerox Workcentre 7855 Located in workroom (Closest office Ben) IP = 192.168.70.39 Print Server = \\calosf2 HP LaserJet 4060 TN Located in Adrienne Barr's office IP = 192.168.70.40 Print Server = \\calosf2 HP LaserJet 4300 Located in cube 19 (Closest office Robin Ossenbeck) IP = 192.168.70.88 Print Server = \\calosf2 Xerox           Konica           HP LJ 4300 (near Robin)      HP 4050 (in Adrienne Barr's office) There is a switch in her office so she can have network for the computer & the printer.           Monday, December 12, 2016 1:11 PM Xerox Workcentre 7855 (close to kitchen)  IP = 192.168.66.24 Print server = \\codenf1                This is the printer that Debbie Vanhoosen was using when she worked from home. They would like  us to try and hook it up to the network as a second printer. I don't know if Mark wants to do it. If hooked up it will be located across from Robert Perez's cubicle.    ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[863, 992]","Copiers/Printers Copiers/Printers Copiers/Printers Copiers/Printers Copiers/Printers Copiers/Printers Copiers/Printers Copiers/Printers Copiers/Printers Copiers/Printers   Monday, July 10, 2017 9:27 AM There are two Xerox copiers and two HP printers                Tuesday, February 28, 2017 9:33 AM There are 2 copiers and two printers Print server = \\mdbetf1 The copiers are located in the work area near the server room                The printers are located across from Andy Coleman's office           Sunday, June 26, 2016 4:04 PM Konica Minolta Bizhub C284e Located outside server room, near collaboration space (Closest office Adrienne Barr) IP = 192.168.70.37 Print Server = \\calosf2 Xerox Workcentre 7855 Located in workroom (Closest office Ben) IP = 192.168.70.39 Print Server = \\calosf2 HP LaserJet 4060 TN Located in Adrienne Barr's office IP = 192.168.70.40 Print Server = \\calosf2 HP LaserJet 4300 Located in cube 19 (Closest office Robin Ossenbeck) IP = 192.168.70.88 Print Server = \\calosf2 Xerox           Konica           HP LJ 4300 (near Robin)      HP 4050 (in Adrienne Barr's office) There is a switch in her office so she can have network for the computer & the printer.           Monday, December 12, 2016 1:11 PM Xerox Workcentre 7855 (close to kitchen)  IP = 192.168.66.24 Print server = \\codenf1                This is the printer that Debbie Vanhoosen was using when she worked from home. They would like  us to try and hook it up to the network as a second printer. I don't know if Mark wants to do it. If hooked up it will be located across from Robert Perez's cubicle.    ","copiers/printers copiers/printers copiers/printers copiers/printers copiers/printers copiers/printers copiers/printers copiers/printers copiers/printers copiers/printers monday, july 10, 2017 9:27 two xerox copiers two hp printers tuesday, february 28, 2017 9:33 2 copiers two printers print server = \\mdbetf1 copiers locate work area near server room printers locate across andy coleman's office sunday, june 26, 2016 4:04 pm konica minolta bizhub c284e locate outside server room, near collaboration space (closest office adrienne barr) ip = 192.168.70.37 print server = \\calosf2 xerox workcentre 7855 locate workroom (closest office ben) ip = 192.168.70.39 print server = \\calosf2 hp laserjet 4060 tn locate adrienne barr's office ip = 192.168.70.40 print server = \\calosf2 hp laserjet 4300 locate cube 19 (closest office robin ossenbeck) ip = 192.168.70.88 print server = \\calosf2 xerox konica hp lj 4300 (near robin) hp 4050 (in adrienne barr's office) switch office network computer & printer. monday, december 12, 2016 1:11 pm xerox workcentre 7855 (close kitchen) ip = 192.168.66.24 print server = \\codenf1 printer debbie vanhoosen use work home. would like us try hook network second printer. know mark want it. hook locate across robert perez's cubicle.","Copiers/Printers Copiers/Printers   Monday, July 10, 2017 9:27 AM There are two Xerox copiers and two HP printers                Tuesday, February 28, 2017 9:33 AM There are 2 copiers and two printers Print server = \\mdbetf1 The copiers are located in the work area near the server room                The printers are located across from Andy Coleman's office           Sunday, June 26, 2016 4:04 PM Konica Minolta Bizhub C284e Located outside server room, near collaboration space (Closest office Adrienne Barr) IP = 192.168.70.37 Print Server = \\calosf2 Xerox Workcentre 7855 Located in workroom (Closest office Ben) IP = 192.168.70.39 Print Server = \\calosf2 HP LaserJet 4060 TN Located in Adrienne Barr's office IP = 192.168.70.40 Print Server = \\calosf2 HP LaserJet 4300 Located in cube 19 (Closest office Robin Ossenbeck) IP = 192.168.70.88 Print Server = \\calosf2 Xerox           Konica           HP LJ 4300 (near Robin)      HP 4050 (in Adrienne Barr's office) There is a switch in her office so she can have network for the computer & the printer.           Monday, December 12, 2016 1:11 PM Xerox Workcentre 7855 (close to kitchen)  IP = 192.168.66.24 Print server = \\codenf1                This is the printer that Debbie Vanhoosen was using when she worked from home. They would like  us to try and hook it up to the network as a second printer. I don't know if Mark wants to do it. If hooked up it will be located across from Robert Perez's cubicle.    ","copiers/printers copiers/printers monday, july 10, 2017 9:27 two xerox copiers two hp printers tuesday, february 28, 2017 9:33 2 copiers two printers print server = \\mdbetf1 copiers locate work area near server room printers locate across andy coleman's office sunday, june 26, 2016 4:04 pm konica minolta bizhub c284e locate outside server room, near collaboration space (closest office adrienne barr) ip = 192.168.70.37 print server = \\calosf2 xerox workcentre 7855 locate workroom (closest office ben) ip = 192.168.70.39 print server = \\calosf2 hp laserjet 4060 tn locate adrienne barr's office ip = 192.168.70.40 print server = \\calosf2 hp laserjet 4300 locate cube 19 (closest office robin ossenbeck) ip = 192.168.70.88 print server = \\calosf2 xerox konica hp lj 4300 (near robin) hp 4050 (in adrienne barr's office) switch office network computer & printer. monday, december 12, 2016 1:11 pm xerox workcentre 7855 (close kitchen) ip = 192.168.66.24 print server = \\codenf1 printer debbie vanhoosen use work home. would like us try hook network second printer. know mark want it. hook locate across robert perez's cubicle."
116,CorpWiFi-Guest," Friday, April 6, 2018 8:52 AM *** To be confirmed *** In addition to the bcmguest network, CorpWiFi-Guest is also available for visitors. Have the user connect and go to this link and log in with the guest account created: https://172.18.2.142:8443/sponsorportal/PortalSetup.action?portal=bf18bb60- e076-11e5-8726-3c08f65fd28a    ","[72, 0, 153, 775]",[787],"CorpWiFi-Guest CorpWiFi-Guest CorpWiFi-Guest CorpWiFi-Guest CorpWiFi-Guest CorpWiFi-Guest CorpWiFi-Guest CorpWiFi-Guest CorpWiFi-Guest CorpWiFi-Guest   Friday, April 6, 2018 8:52 AM *** To be confirmed *** In addition to the bcmguest network, CorpWiFi-Guest is also available for visitors. Have the user connect and go to this link and log in with the guest account created: https://172.18.2.142:8443/sponsorportal/PortalSetup.action?portal=bf18bb60- e076-11e5-8726-3c08f65fd28a    ","corpwifi-guest corpwifi-guest corpwifi-guest corpwifi-guest corpwifi-guest corpwifi-guest corpwifi-guest corpwifi-guest corpwifi-guest corpwifi-guest friday, april 6, 2018 8:52 *** confirm *** addition bcmguest network, corpwifi-guest also available visitors. user connect go link log guest account created: https://172.18.2.142:8443/sponsorportal/portalsetup.actionportal=bf18bb60- e076-11e5-8726-3c08f65fd28a","CorpWiFi-Guest CorpWiFi-Guest   Friday, April 6, 2018 8:52 AM *** To be confirmed *** In addition to the bcmguest network, CorpWiFi-Guest is also available for visitors. Have the user connect and go to this link and log in with the guest account created: https://172.18.2.142:8443/sponsorportal/PortalSetup.action?portal=bf18bb60- e076-11e5-8726-3c08f65fd28a    ","corpwifi-guest corpwifi-guest friday, april 6, 2018 8:52 *** confirm *** addition bcmguest network, corpwifi-guest also available visitors. user connect go link log guest account created: https://172.18.2.142:8443/sponsorportal/portalsetup.actionportal=bf18bb60- e076-11e5-8726-3c08f65fd28a"
117,CorpWifi-Guest," Thursday, April 26, 2018 4:35 PM ***To be written***    ","[72, 0, 170, 775]",[838],"CorpWifi-Guest CorpWifi-Guest CorpWifi-Guest CorpWifi-Guest CorpWifi-Guest CorpWifi-Guest CorpWifi-Guest CorpWifi-Guest CorpWifi-Guest CorpWifi-Guest   Thursday, April 26, 2018 4:35 PM ***To be written***    ","corpwifi-guest corpwifi-guest corpwifi-guest corpwifi-guest corpwifi-guest corpwifi-guest corpwifi-guest corpwifi-guest corpwifi-guest corpwifi-guest thursday, april 26, 2018 4:35 pm ***to written***","CorpWifi-Guest CorpWifi-Guest   Thursday, April 26, 2018 4:35 PM ***To be written***    ","corpwifi-guest corpwifi-guest thursday, april 26, 2018 4:35 pm ***to written***"
118,Create A Signature," Monday, December 10, 2012 2:17 PM HOW TO CREATE A SIGNATURE IN OUTLOOK 1. Launch Outlook 2. TOOLS | OPTIONS | MAIL FORMAT | SIGNATURES Button 3. Click NEW and give your signature a Name and Start with a blank signature 4. When complete, use FINISH 5. You should see your signature in the preview window 6. Click OK and check that your signature name appears in the Signature for new message box.     ","[64, 2, 586, 782]",[324],"Create A Signature Create A Signature Create A Signature Create A Signature Create A Signature Create A Signature Create A Signature Create A Signature Create A Signature Create A Signature   Monday, December 10, 2012 2:17 PM HOW TO CREATE A SIGNATURE IN OUTLOOK 1. Launch Outlook 2. TOOLS | OPTIONS | MAIL FORMAT | SIGNATURES Button 3. Click NEW and give your signature a Name and Start with a blank signature 4. When complete, use FINISH 5. You should see your signature in the preview window 6. Click OK and check that your signature name appears in the Signature for new message box.     ","create signature create signature create signature create signature create signature create signature create signature create signature create signature create signature monday, december 10, 2012 2:17 pm create signature outlook 1. launch outlook 2. tool | options | mail format | signatures button 3. click new give signature name start blank signature 4. complete, use finish 5. see signature preview window 6. click ok check signature name appear signature new message box.","Create A Signature Create A Signature   Monday, December 10, 2012 2:17 PM HOW TO CREATE A SIGNATURE IN OUTLOOK 1. Launch Outlook 2. TOOLS | OPTIONS | MAIL FORMAT | SIGNATURES Button 3. Click NEW and give your signature a Name and Start with a blank signature 4. When complete, use FINISH 5. You should see your signature in the preview window 6. Click OK and check that your signature name appears in the Signature for new message box.     ","create signature create signature monday, december 10, 2012 2:17 pm create signature outlook 1. launch outlook 2. tool | options | mail format | signatures button 3. click new give signature name start blank signature 4. complete, use finish 5. see signature preview window 6. click ok check signature name appear signature new message box."
119,Create New Mail Profile," 2:22 PM Monday, December 10, 2012 HOW TO CREATE A NEW E-MAIL PROFILE FOR OUTLOOK  1. START | CONTROL PANEL | MAIL  2. In the Mail Setup dialog box, click Show Profiles button. 3. On the General tab, click to select the PROMT FOR A PROFILE TO BE USED check box and click  ADD. 4. Now you have to give the profile a name and click OK. 5. In the E-Mail Accounts dialog box, click ADD A NEW E-MAIL ACCOUNT, and then click NEXT. 6. Select the appropriate server type for your new e-mail account, and then click NEXT. 7. Fill in the appropriate information as prompted, and then click NEXT and FINISH as needed. After  that click OK.     ","[72, 0, 517, 779]",[330],"Create New Mail Profile Create New Mail Profile Create New Mail Profile Create New Mail Profile Create New Mail Profile Create New Mail Profile Create New Mail Profile Create New Mail Profile Create New Mail Profile Create New Mail Profile   2:22 PM Monday, December 10, 2012 HOW TO CREATE A NEW E-MAIL PROFILE FOR OUTLOOK  1. START | CONTROL PANEL | MAIL  2. In the Mail Setup dialog box, click Show Profiles button. 3. On the General tab, click to select the PROMT FOR A PROFILE TO BE USED check box and click  ADD. 4. Now you have to give the profile a name and click OK. 5. In the E-Mail Accounts dialog box, click ADD A NEW E-MAIL ACCOUNT, and then click NEXT. 6. Select the appropriate server type for your new e-mail account, and then click NEXT. 7. Fill in the appropriate information as prompted, and then click NEXT and FINISH as needed. After  that click OK.     ","create new mail profile create new mail profile create new mail profile create new mail profile create new mail profile create new mail profile create new mail profile create new mail profile create new mail profile create new mail profile 2:22 pm monday, december 10, 2012 create new e-mail profile outlook 1. start | control panel | mail 2. mail setup dialog box, click show profile button. 3. general tab, click select promt profile use check box click add. 4. give profile name click ok. 5. e-mail account dialog box, click add new e-mail account, click next. 6. select appropriate server type new e-mail account, click next. 7. fill appropriate information prompted, click next finish needed. click ok.","Create New Mail Profile Create New Mail Profile   2:22 PM Monday, December 10, 2012 HOW TO CREATE A NEW E-MAIL PROFILE FOR OUTLOOK  1. START | CONTROL PANEL | MAIL  2. In the Mail Setup dialog box, click Show Profiles button. 3. On the General tab, click to select the PROMT FOR A PROFILE TO BE USED check box and click  ADD. 4. Now you have to give the profile a name and click OK. 5. In the E-Mail Accounts dialog box, click ADD A NEW E-MAIL ACCOUNT, and then click NEXT. 6. Select the appropriate server type for your new e-mail account, and then click NEXT. 7. Fill in the appropriate information as prompted, and then click NEXT and FINISH as needed. After  that click OK.     ","create new mail profile create new mail profile 2:22 pm monday, december 10, 2012 create new e-mail profile outlook 1. start | control panel | mail 2. mail setup dialog box, click show profile button. 3. general tab, click select promt profile use check box click add. 4. give profile name click ok. 5. e-mail account dialog box, click add new e-mail account, click next. 6. select appropriate server type new e-mail account, click next. 7. fill appropriate information prompted, click next finish needed. click ok."
120,Create a new guest wireless account by clicking on the plus (+) at the bottom of Page.,"3.) Once the necessary information has been sent to the Security Mailbox (see  Receivables), connect to the Monowall Application via  http://pa401monowall:8081/services_captiveportal_users.php Under the Services section, click on Captive Portal Click on the Users Tab. Full Name should be First_Name Last_Name – ThirdParty (i.e. Joe Smith – Deloitte) Username should be 1st digit in first name + 1st  7 digits in last name (i.e. jsmith) Password should strong and at least 12 characters in length and contain three of the following:  a. b. c. d. Uppercase Lower case Number special character  (i.e. Bkdt5676josm) The following site can be used to generate random passwords:  http://www.pctools.com/guides/password/ 4.) 5.) Enter Username, Password, Full Name, and Expiration Date into the ‘Edit User’  window. To finish the creation of the guest account, click Save Create a text document titled Monowall Info_mm-dd-yy that contains the  following account information. Full Name Username Password a. b. c. **mm-dd-yy is the date the account is set to expire (i.e. July 7th, 2011 is 07-11-11) 6.) 7.) Place the text document into the H: drive of the Original Requestor Reply to the original e-mail notifying the user of the request being closed. **Please note when sending e-mail from the Security Mailbox, place – Request # BITXXXX in the  subject line of the e-mail. Use the Guest Wireless Access template located at \\pa508shrdrv1\DT_Eng\Security \Templates as a reference as to what information should be included. Close out the ticket that was generated within Incident Monitor under the following  categories: 8.) Category: Security Operations Sub-Category: Account Management Module: Monowall Account Creation/Deletion **Please be sure to include a copy of the notification sent to the user in the ticket when closing it out.      Wednesday, May 03, 2017 11:23 AM","[72, 765, 69, 498]","[788, 789]","Create a new guest wireless account by clicking on the plus (+) at the bottom of Page. Create a new guest wireless account by clicking on the plus (+) at the bottom of Page. Create a new guest wireless account by clicking on the plus (+) at the bottom of Page. Create a new guest wireless account by clicking on the plus (+) at the bottom of Page. Create a new guest wireless account by clicking on the plus (+) at the bottom of Page. Create a new guest wireless account by clicking on the plus (+) at the bottom of Page. Create a new guest wireless account by clicking on the plus (+) at the bottom of Page. Create a new guest wireless account by clicking on the plus (+) at the bottom of Page. Create a new guest wireless account by clicking on the plus (+) at the bottom of Page. Create a new guest wireless account by clicking on the plus (+) at the bottom of Page.  3.) Once the necessary information has been sent to the Security Mailbox (see  Receivables), connect to the Monowall Application via  http://pa401monowall:8081/services_captiveportal_users.php Under the Services section, click on Captive Portal Click on the Users Tab. Full Name should be First_Name Last_Name – ThirdParty (i.e. Joe Smith – Deloitte) Username should be 1st digit in first name + 1st  7 digits in last name (i.e. jsmith) Password should strong and at least 12 characters in length and contain three of the following:  a. b. c. d. Uppercase Lower case Number special character  (i.e. Bkdt5676josm) The following site can be used to generate random passwords:  http://www.pctools.com/guides/password/ 4.) 5.) Enter Username, Password, Full Name, and Expiration Date into the ‘Edit User’  window. To finish the creation of the guest account, click Save Create a text document titled Monowall Info_mm-dd-yy that contains the  following account information. Full Name Username Password a. b. c. **mm-dd-yy is the date the account is set to expire (i.e. July 7th, 2011 is 07-11-11) 6.) 7.) Place the text document into the H: drive of the Original Requestor Reply to the original e-mail notifying the user of the request being closed. **Please note when sending e-mail from the Security Mailbox, place – Request # BITXXXX in the  subject line of the e-mail. Use the Guest Wireless Access template located at \\pa508shrdrv1\DT_Eng\Security \Templates as a reference as to what information should be included. Close out the ticket that was generated within Incident Monitor under the following  categories: 8.) Category: Security Operations Sub-Category: Account Management Module: Monowall Account Creation/Deletion **Please be sure to include a copy of the notification sent to the user in the ticket when closing it out.      Wednesday, May 03, 2017 11:23 AM","create new guest wireless account click plus (+) bottom page. create new guest wireless account click plus (+) bottom page. create new guest wireless account click plus (+) bottom page. create new guest wireless account click plus (+) bottom page. create new guest wireless account click plus (+) bottom page. create new guest wireless account click plus (+) bottom page. create new guest wireless account click plus (+) bottom page. create new guest wireless account click plus (+) bottom page. create new guest wireless account click plus (+) bottom page. create new guest wireless account click plus (+) bottom page. 3.) necessary information send security mailbox (see receivables), connect monowall application via http://pa401monowall:8081/services_captiveportal_users.php service section, click captive portal click users tab. full name first_name last_name – thirdparty (i.e. joe smith – deloitte) username 1st digit first name + 1st 7 digits last name (i.e. jsmith) password strong least 12 character length contain three following: a. b. c. d. uppercase lower case number special character (i.e. bkdt5676josm) follow site use generate random passwords: http://www.pctools.com/guides/password/ 4.) 5.) enter username, password, full name, expiration date ‘edit user’ window. finish creation guest account, click save create text document title monowall info_mm-dd-yy contain follow account information. full name username password a. b. c. **mm-dd-yy date account set expire (i.e. july 7th, 2011 07-11-11) 6.) 7.) place text document h: drive original requestor reply original e-mail notify user request closed. **please note send e-mail security mailbox, place – request # bitxxxx subject line e-mail. use guest wireless access template locate \\pa508shrdrv1\dt_eng\security \templates reference information included. close ticket generate within incident monitor follow categories: 8.) category: security operations sub-category: account management module: monowall account creation/deletion **please sure include copy notification send user ticket close out. wednesday, may 03, 2017 11:23","Create a new guest wireless account by clicking on the plus (+) at the bottom of Page. Create a new guest wireless account by clicking on the plus (+) at the bottom of Page.  3.) Once the necessary information has been sent to the Security Mailbox (see  Receivables), connect to the Monowall Application via  http://pa401monowall:8081/services_captiveportal_users.php Under the Services section, click on Captive Portal Click on the Users Tab. Full Name should be First_Name Last_Name – ThirdParty (i.e. Joe Smith – Deloitte) Username should be 1st digit in first name + 1st  7 digits in last name (i.e. jsmith) Password should strong and at least 12 characters in length and contain three of the following:  a. b. c. d. Uppercase Lower case Number special character  (i.e. Bkdt5676josm) The following site can be used to generate random passwords:  http://www.pctools.com/guides/password/ 4.) 5.) Enter Username, Password, Full Name, and Expiration Date into the ‘Edit User’  window. To finish the creation of the guest account, click Save Create a text document titled Monowall Info_mm-dd-yy that contains the  following account information. Full Name Username Password a. b. c. **mm-dd-yy is the date the account is set to expire (i.e. July 7th, 2011 is 07-11-11) 6.) 7.) Place the text document into the H: drive of the Original Requestor Reply to the original e-mail notifying the user of the request being closed. **Please note when sending e-mail from the Security Mailbox, place – Request # BITXXXX in the  subject line of the e-mail. Use the Guest Wireless Access template located at \\pa508shrdrv1\DT_Eng\Security \Templates as a reference as to what information should be included. Close out the ticket that was generated within Incident Monitor under the following  categories: 8.) Category: Security Operations Sub-Category: Account Management Module: Monowall Account Creation/Deletion **Please be sure to include a copy of the notification sent to the user in the ticket when closing it out.      Wednesday, May 03, 2017 11:23 AM","create new guest wireless account click plus (+) bottom page. create new guest wireless account click plus (+) bottom page. 3.) necessary information send security mailbox (see receivables), connect monowall application via http://pa401monowall:8081/services_captiveportal_users.php service section, click captive portal click users tab. full name first_name last_name – thirdparty (i.e. joe smith – deloitte) username 1st digit first name + 1st 7 digits last name (i.e. jsmith) password strong least 12 character length contain three following: a. b. c. d. uppercase lower case number special character (i.e. bkdt5676josm) follow site use generate random passwords: http://www.pctools.com/guides/password/ 4.) 5.) enter username, password, full name, expiration date ‘edit user’ window. finish creation guest account, click save create text document title monowall info_mm-dd-yy contain follow account information. full name username password a. b. c. **mm-dd-yy date account set expire (i.e. july 7th, 2011 07-11-11) 6.) 7.) place text document h: drive original requestor reply original e-mail notify user request closed. **please note send e-mail security mailbox, place – request # bitxxxx subject line e-mail. use guest wireless access template locate \\pa508shrdrv1\dt_eng\security \templates reference information included. close ticket generate within incident monitor follow categories: 8.) category: security operations sub-category: account management module: monowall account creation/deletion **please sure include copy notification send user ticket close out. wednesday, may 03, 2017 11:23"
121,Creating a Guest Account with Cisco ISE," Wednesday, August 27, 2014 8:29 AM Cisco ISE is a new system allowing Guest and BYOD users to authenticate on the network. As remote offices  migrate to this system, guest accounts will not be created with Monowall and will be created using Cisco ISE.  When an account was created using Monowall the guest connected on the 10.250.x.x network. With Cisco ISE  the guest accounts will now connect on 10.254.4.0 – 10.254.5.0. To create the guest account use the following  steps. 1. Open the sponsor portal https://sponsor.gmaccm.com:8443/sponsorportal/Logout.action log in with  your adm account. 2. After logging in you landed at the sponsor home screen Manage Guest Accounts. If logging in for the  first time you must add your email address to your sponsor account. To do this click on My Settings at  the top right of the screen. If this step has been completed go to step 4.     3. At the My Settings page fill in Location and Your Email Address and click save.       4. To create the new Guest account click Create Account.     5. After clicking Create account you are directed to the Create Account page. Fill in all fields where there is  an asterisk using the example Create Account image. At the two drop down fields, starting with the  Guest Role the only option is Guest. At the Account duration there are two options, choose the option  that applies. Before clicking submit ensure all information is correct. When you click submit an email will  be sent to you and the guest with the below information.        6. At the Successfully Created Guest Account page click View Guest Accounts to exit page      7. After click View Guest Accounts the account is complete and you are back to the Manage Guest  Accounts. At the Manage Guest Accounts page you will see all created accounts and have options like  suspend, change account duration, email and are pretty intuitive. If an account is expired the system  will purge the account after 7 days. If the account is expired you cannot reinstate it and will need to  create it again.    ","[72, 0, 72, 704]","[782, 786]","Creating a Guest Account with Cisco ISE Creating a Guest Account with Cisco ISE Creating a Guest Account with Cisco ISE Creating a Guest Account with Cisco ISE Creating a Guest Account with Cisco ISE Creating a Guest Account with Cisco ISE Creating a Guest Account with Cisco ISE Creating a Guest Account with Cisco ISE Creating a Guest Account with Cisco ISE Creating a Guest Account with Cisco ISE   Wednesday, August 27, 2014 8:29 AM Cisco ISE is a new system allowing Guest and BYOD users to authenticate on the network. As remote offices  migrate to this system, guest accounts will not be created with Monowall and will be created using Cisco ISE.  When an account was created using Monowall the guest connected on the 10.250.x.x network. With Cisco ISE  the guest accounts will now connect on 10.254.4.0 – 10.254.5.0. To create the guest account use the following  steps. 1. Open the sponsor portal https://sponsor.gmaccm.com:8443/sponsorportal/Logout.action log in with  your adm account. 2. After logging in you landed at the sponsor home screen Manage Guest Accounts. If logging in for the  first time you must add your email address to your sponsor account. To do this click on My Settings at  the top right of the screen. If this step has been completed go to step 4.     3. At the My Settings page fill in Location and Your Email Address and click save.       4. To create the new Guest account click Create Account.     5. After clicking Create account you are directed to the Create Account page. Fill in all fields where there is  an asterisk using the example Create Account image. At the two drop down fields, starting with the  Guest Role the only option is Guest. At the Account duration there are two options, choose the option  that applies. Before clicking submit ensure all information is correct. When you click submit an email will  be sent to you and the guest with the below information.        6. At the Successfully Created Guest Account page click View Guest Accounts to exit page      7. After click View Guest Accounts the account is complete and you are back to the Manage Guest  Accounts. At the Manage Guest Accounts page you will see all created accounts and have options like  suspend, change account duration, email and are pretty intuitive. If an account is expired the system  will purge the account after 7 days. If the account is expired you cannot reinstate it and will need to  create it again.    ","create guest account cisco ise create guest account cisco ise create guest account cisco ise create guest account cisco ise create guest account cisco ise create guest account cisco ise create guest account cisco ise create guest account cisco ise create guest account cisco ise create guest account cisco ise wednesday, august 27, 2014 8:29 cisco ise new system allow guest byod users authenticate network. remote offices migrate system, guest account create monowall create use cisco ise. account create use monowall guest connect 10.250.x.x network. cisco ise guest account connect 10.254.4.0 – 10.254.5.0. create guest account use follow steps. 1. open sponsor portal https://sponsor.gmaccm.com:8443/sponsorportal/logout.action log adm account. 2. log land sponsor home screen manage guest accounts. log first time must add email address sponsor account. click settings top right screen. step complete go step 4. 3. settings page fill location email address click save. 4. create new guest account click create account. 5. click create account direct create account page. fill field asterisk use example create account image. two drop fields, start guest role option guest. account duration two options, choose option applies. click submit ensure information correct. click submit email send guest information. 6. successfully create guest account page click view guest account exit page 7. click view guest account account complete back manage guest accounts. manage guest account page see create account options like suspend, change account duration, email pretty intuitive. account expire system purge account 7 days. account expire cannot reinstate need create again.","Creating a Guest Account with Cisco ISE Creating a Guest Account with Cisco ISE   Wednesday, August 27, 2014 8:29 AM Cisco ISE is a new system allowing Guest and BYOD users to authenticate on the network. As remote offices  migrate to this system, guest accounts will not be created with Monowall and will be created using Cisco ISE.  When an account was created using Monowall the guest connected on the 10.250.x.x network. With Cisco ISE  the guest accounts will now connect on 10.254.4.0 – 10.254.5.0. To create the guest account use the following  steps. 1. Open the sponsor portal https://sponsor.gmaccm.com:8443/sponsorportal/Logout.action log in with  your adm account. 2. After logging in you landed at the sponsor home screen Manage Guest Accounts. If logging in for the  first time you must add your email address to your sponsor account. To do this click on My Settings at  the top right of the screen. If this step has been completed go to step 4.     3. At the My Settings page fill in Location and Your Email Address and click save.       4. To create the new Guest account click Create Account.     5. After clicking Create account you are directed to the Create Account page. Fill in all fields where there is  an asterisk using the example Create Account image. At the two drop down fields, starting with the  Guest Role the only option is Guest. At the Account duration there are two options, choose the option  that applies. Before clicking submit ensure all information is correct. When you click submit an email will  be sent to you and the guest with the below information.        6. At the Successfully Created Guest Account page click View Guest Accounts to exit page      7. After click View Guest Accounts the account is complete and you are back to the Manage Guest  Accounts. At the Manage Guest Accounts page you will see all created accounts and have options like  suspend, change account duration, email and are pretty intuitive. If an account is expired the system  will purge the account after 7 days. If the account is expired you cannot reinstate it and will need to  create it again.    ","create guest account cisco ise create guest account cisco ise wednesday, august 27, 2014 8:29 cisco ise new system allow guest byod users authenticate network. remote offices migrate system, guest account create monowall create use cisco ise. account create use monowall guest connect 10.250.x.x network. cisco ise guest account connect 10.254.4.0 – 10.254.5.0. create guest account use follow steps. 1. open sponsor portal https://sponsor.gmaccm.com:8443/sponsorportal/logout.action log adm account. 2. log land sponsor home screen manage guest accounts. log first time must add email address sponsor account. click settings top right screen. step complete go step 4. 3. settings page fill location email address click save. 4. create new guest account click create account. 5. click create account direct create account page. fill field asterisk use example create account image. two drop fields, start guest role option guest. account duration two options, choose option applies. click submit ensure information correct. click submit email send guest information. 6. successfully create guest account page click view guest account exit page 7. click view guest account account complete back manage guest accounts. manage guest account page see create account options like suspend, change account duration, email pretty intuitive. account expire system purge account 7 days. account expire cannot reinstate need create again."
122,Creating a Shared Group," 11:56 AM Thursday, December 13, 2012 Creating a Shared Group Often times you will need to share documents with the same group of people, depending on how  often this occurs, you may want to think about setting up Groups. 1.) Within the ‘My Files’ window, select “Manage Groups” 2.) Select “Add New Group”. Once selected, a box will appear below in which you can enter the  name of the Group. Click the ‘+’ sign to finish creating the group. 3.) Once Created, the group name will appear in the window below. Highlight the group and  select “Manage Group”     4.) Select the ‘Name’ tab.  Simply type in the name of Berkadia employee into the box. After a few  characters have been entered, a drop-down selection box will appear with matching results so  that you can select the correct user.  If having trouble locating using, check the ‘Search the  entire Berkadia directory’ box. Select the user you wish to add to the group. When the user has been selected, you may click on the “Add” button to add the user to the  group. If additional users need to be added to the group, Repeat Step 4. Otherwise, exit out of the  window by clicking on the “X” in the top-right corner of the window. 5.)    ","[72, 0, 72, 779]","[772, 773]","Creating a Shared Group Creating a Shared Group Creating a Shared Group Creating a Shared Group Creating a Shared Group Creating a Shared Group Creating a Shared Group Creating a Shared Group Creating a Shared Group Creating a Shared Group   11:56 AM Thursday, December 13, 2012 Creating a Shared Group Often times you will need to share documents with the same group of people, depending on how  often this occurs, you may want to think about setting up Groups. 1.) Within the ‘My Files’ window, select “Manage Groups” 2.) Select “Add New Group”. Once selected, a box will appear below in which you can enter the  name of the Group. Click the ‘+’ sign to finish creating the group. 3.) Once Created, the group name will appear in the window below. Highlight the group and  select “Manage Group”     4.) Select the ‘Name’ tab.  Simply type in the name of Berkadia employee into the box. After a few  characters have been entered, a drop-down selection box will appear with matching results so  that you can select the correct user.  If having trouble locating using, check the ‘Search the  entire Berkadia directory’ box. Select the user you wish to add to the group. When the user has been selected, you may click on the “Add” button to add the user to the  group. If additional users need to be added to the group, Repeat Step 4. Otherwise, exit out of the  window by clicking on the “X” in the top-right corner of the window. 5.)    ","create share group create share group create share group create share group create share group create share group create share group create share group create share group create share group 11:56 thursday, december 13, 2012 create share group often time need share document group people, depend often occurs, may want think set groups. 1.) within ‘my files’ window, select “manage groups” 2.) select “add new group”. selected, box appear enter name group. click ‘+’ sign finish create group. 3.) created, group name appear window below. highlight group select “manage group” 4.) select ‘name’ tab. simply type name berkadia employee box. character entered, drop-down selection box appear match result select correct user. trouble locate using, check ‘search entire berkadia directory’ box. select user wish add group. user selected, may click “add” button add user group. additional users need add group, repeat step 4. otherwise, exit window click “x” top-right corner window. 5.)","Creating a Shared Group Creating a Shared Group   11:56 AM Thursday, December 13, 2012 Creating a Shared Group Often times you will need to share documents with the same group of people, depending on how  often this occurs, you may want to think about setting up Groups. 1.) Within the ‘My Files’ window, select “Manage Groups” 2.) Select “Add New Group”. Once selected, a box will appear below in which you can enter the  name of the Group. Click the ‘+’ sign to finish creating the group. 3.) Once Created, the group name will appear in the window below. Highlight the group and  select “Manage Group”     4.) Select the ‘Name’ tab.  Simply type in the name of Berkadia employee into the box. After a few  characters have been entered, a drop-down selection box will appear with matching results so  that you can select the correct user.  If having trouble locating using, check the ‘Search the  entire Berkadia directory’ box. Select the user you wish to add to the group. When the user has been selected, you may click on the “Add” button to add the user to the  group. If additional users need to be added to the group, Repeat Step 4. Otherwise, exit out of the  window by clicking on the “X” in the top-right corner of the window. 5.)    ","create share group create share group 11:56 thursday, december 13, 2012 create share group often time need share document group people, depend often occurs, may want think set groups. 1.) within ‘my files’ window, select “manage groups” 2.) select “add new group”. selected, box appear enter name group. click ‘+’ sign finish create group. 3.) created, group name appear window below. highlight group select “manage group” 4.) select ‘name’ tab. simply type name berkadia employee box. character entered, drop-down selection box appear match result select correct user. trouble locate using, check ‘search entire berkadia directory’ box. select user wish add group. user selected, may click “add” button add user group. additional users need add group, repeat step 4. otherwise, exit window click “x” top-right corner window. 5.)"
123,Creating a session," Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:24 AM","[72, 769, 252, 779]",[407],"Creating a session Creating a session Creating a session Creating a session Creating a session Creating a session Creating a session Creating a session Creating a session Creating a session   Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:24 AM","create session create session create session create session create session create session create session create session create session create session thursday, december 13, 2012 11:24","Creating a session Creating a session   Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:24 AM","create session create session thursday, december 13, 2012 11:24"
124,Customize Outlook Issue," 2:25 PM Monday, December 10, 2012 YOU CANT CUSTOMIZE OUTLOOK TODAY AFTER YOU INSTALL 813489 FOR  INTERNET EXPLORER  1. START | RUN | REGEDIT | OK Locate the following key HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\InternetExplorer \Application Compatibility 2. EDIT | NEW | DWORD VALUE 3. Type Outlook.exe and press Enter 4. Select the Outlook.exe DWORD | EDIT | MODIFY  5. Type 1 in the Value data box and OK 6. Quit Registry Editor and Start Outlook go to Outlook today view. 7. Click Customize Outlook Today, and then customize the view as  necessary. 8. Repeat all steps, but before you quit the Registry, set the Outlook.exe  DWORD value to 0 instead of 1.     ","[72, 0, 517, 779]",[333],"Customize Outlook Issue Customize Outlook Issue Customize Outlook Issue Customize Outlook Issue Customize Outlook Issue Customize Outlook Issue Customize Outlook Issue Customize Outlook Issue Customize Outlook Issue Customize Outlook Issue   2:25 PM Monday, December 10, 2012 YOU CANT CUSTOMIZE OUTLOOK TODAY AFTER YOU INSTALL 813489 FOR  INTERNET EXPLORER  1. START | RUN | REGEDIT | OK Locate the following key HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\InternetExplorer \Application Compatibility 2. EDIT | NEW | DWORD VALUE 3. Type Outlook.exe and press Enter 4. Select the Outlook.exe DWORD | EDIT | MODIFY  5. Type 1 in the Value data box and OK 6. Quit Registry Editor and Start Outlook go to Outlook today view. 7. Click Customize Outlook Today, and then customize the view as  necessary. 8. Repeat all steps, but before you quit the Registry, set the Outlook.exe  DWORD value to 0 instead of 1.     ","customize outlook issue customize outlook issue customize outlook issue customize outlook issue customize outlook issue customize outlook issue customize outlook issue customize outlook issue customize outlook issue customize outlook issue 2:25 pm monday, december 10, 2012 cant customize outlook today install 813489 internet explorer 1. start | run | regedit | ok locate follow key hkey_local_machine\software\microsoft\internetexplorer \application compatibility 2. edit | new | dword value 3. type outlook.exe press enter 4. select outlook.exe dword | edit | modify 5. type 1 value data box ok 6. quit registry editor start outlook go outlook today view. 7. click customize outlook today, customize view necessary. 8. repeat steps, quit registry, set outlook.exe dword value 0 instead 1.","Customize Outlook Issue Customize Outlook Issue   2:25 PM Monday, December 10, 2012 YOU CANT CUSTOMIZE OUTLOOK TODAY AFTER YOU INSTALL 813489 FOR  INTERNET EXPLORER  1. START | RUN | REGEDIT | OK Locate the following key HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\InternetExplorer \Application Compatibility 2. EDIT | NEW | DWORD VALUE 3. Type Outlook.exe and press Enter 4. Select the Outlook.exe DWORD | EDIT | MODIFY  5. Type 1 in the Value data box and OK 6. Quit Registry Editor and Start Outlook go to Outlook today view. 7. Click Customize Outlook Today, and then customize the view as  necessary. 8. Repeat all steps, but before you quit the Registry, set the Outlook.exe  DWORD value to 0 instead of 1.     ","customize outlook issue customize outlook issue 2:25 pm monday, december 10, 2012 cant customize outlook today install 813489 internet explorer 1. start | run | regedit | ok locate follow key hkey_local_machine\software\microsoft\internetexplorer \application compatibility 2. edit | new | dword value 3. type outlook.exe press enter 4. select outlook.exe dword | edit | modify 5. type 1 value data box ok 6. quit registry editor start outlook go outlook today view. 7. click customize outlook today, customize view necessary. 8. repeat steps, quit registry, set outlook.exe dword value 0 instead 1."
125,DPI Scaling," Tuesday, March 07, 2017 10:04 AM As more Windows 10 devices are rolling out in our environment, we’re beginning to see some additional issues pointed  out by business users. Windows 10 uses an automatic DPI scaling function that tries to readjust font sizes in most apps.  Sometimes it’s successful and looks great…sometimes not so much.  One quick thing to try, is to right click on the shortcut for the app (Create a shortcut on the desktop), go to the  compatibility tab and select “Disable display scaling on high DPI settings.” This is also currently in OneNote thanks to  Matt. itunes Also, there has been some issues with scaling regarding monitors themselves. When troubleshooting this, right clicking  the desktop and choosing Display Settings shows that the Surface itself is at 200% scaling, while the monitors are at the  lowest setting. After some investigation, lowering the scaling of the Surface itself will actually resolve the scaling issue of  the monitors. Make sure all screens are at the lowest scaling setting. While using a Laptop/Surfacebook screen with external monitors will work, you may get drastically different results with  scaling compared to the Laptop/Surfacebook lid being closed.    ","[51, 5, 125, 784]",[686],"DPI Scaling DPI Scaling DPI Scaling DPI Scaling DPI Scaling DPI Scaling DPI Scaling DPI Scaling DPI Scaling DPI Scaling   Tuesday, March 07, 2017 10:04 AM As more Windows 10 devices are rolling out in our environment, we’re beginning to see some additional issues pointed  out by business users. Windows 10 uses an automatic DPI scaling function that tries to readjust font sizes in most apps.  Sometimes it’s successful and looks great…sometimes not so much.  One quick thing to try, is to right click on the shortcut for the app (Create a shortcut on the desktop), go to the  compatibility tab and select “Disable display scaling on high DPI settings.” This is also currently in OneNote thanks to  Matt. itunes Also, there has been some issues with scaling regarding monitors themselves. When troubleshooting this, right clicking  the desktop and choosing Display Settings shows that the Surface itself is at 200% scaling, while the monitors are at the  lowest setting. After some investigation, lowering the scaling of the Surface itself will actually resolve the scaling issue of  the monitors. Make sure all screens are at the lowest scaling setting. While using a Laptop/Surfacebook screen with external monitors will work, you may get drastically different results with  scaling compared to the Laptop/Surfacebook lid being closed.    ","dpi scale dpi scale dpi scale dpi scale dpi scale dpi scale dpi scale dpi scale dpi scale dpi scale tuesday, march 07, 2017 10:04 windows 10 devices roll environment, we’re begin see additional issue point business users. windows 10 use automatic dpi scale function try readjust font size apps. sometimes it’s successful look great…sometimes much. one quick thing try, right click shortcut app (create shortcut desktop), go compatibility tab select “disable display scale high dpi settings.” also currently onenote thank matt. itunes also, issue scale regard monitor themselves. troubleshoot this, right click desktop choose display settings show surface 200% scaling, monitor lowest setting. investigation, lower scale surface actually resolve scale issue monitors. make sure screen lowest scale setting. use laptop/surfacebook screen external monitor work, may get drastically different result scale compare laptop/surfacebook lid closed.","DPI Scaling DPI Scaling   Tuesday, March 07, 2017 10:04 AM As more Windows 10 devices are rolling out in our environment, we’re beginning to see some additional issues pointed  out by business users. Windows 10 uses an automatic DPI scaling function that tries to readjust font sizes in most apps.  Sometimes it’s successful and looks great…sometimes not so much.  One quick thing to try, is to right click on the shortcut for the app (Create a shortcut on the desktop), go to the  compatibility tab and select “Disable display scaling on high DPI settings.” This is also currently in OneNote thanks to  Matt. itunes Also, there has been some issues with scaling regarding monitors themselves. When troubleshooting this, right clicking  the desktop and choosing Display Settings shows that the Surface itself is at 200% scaling, while the monitors are at the  lowest setting. After some investigation, lowering the scaling of the Surface itself will actually resolve the scaling issue of  the monitors. Make sure all screens are at the lowest scaling setting. While using a Laptop/Surfacebook screen with external monitors will work, you may get drastically different results with  scaling compared to the Laptop/Surfacebook lid being closed.    ","dpi scale dpi scale tuesday, march 07, 2017 10:04 windows 10 devices roll environment, we’re begin see additional issue point business users. windows 10 use automatic dpi scale function try readjust font size apps. sometimes it’s successful look great…sometimes much. one quick thing try, right click shortcut app (create shortcut desktop), go compatibility tab select “disable display scale high dpi settings.” also currently onenote thank matt. itunes also, issue scale regard monitor themselves. troubleshoot this, right click desktop choose display settings show surface 200% scaling, monitor lowest setting. investigation, lower scale surface actually resolve scale issue monitors. make sure screen lowest scale setting. use laptop/surfacebook screen external monitor work, may get drastically different result scale compare laptop/surfacebook lid closed."
126,DRAFT - Setting up a computer to use Direct Access," Monday, June 5, 2017 4:27 PM DIRECT ACCESS IS NOT A PRODUCTION SYSTEM, YOU MUST OBTAIN PERMISSION FROM IT  MANAGEMENT BEFORE SETTING UP DIRECT ACCESS IF THIS IS FOR A LAPTOP FOR A SERVICING USER THERE IS A DIFFERENT SETUP REQUIRED, PLEASE  SPEAK WITH A DESKTOP ENGINEER BEFORE PROCEEDING **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM**","[72, 640, 501, 775]",[175],"DRAFT - Setting up a computer to use Direct Access DRAFT - Setting up a computer to use Direct Access DRAFT - Setting up a computer to use Direct Access DRAFT - Setting up a computer to use Direct Access DRAFT - Setting up a computer to use Direct Access DRAFT - Setting up a computer to use Direct Access DRAFT - Setting up a computer to use Direct Access DRAFT - Setting up a computer to use Direct Access DRAFT - Setting up a computer to use Direct Access DRAFT - Setting up a computer to use Direct Access   Monday, June 5, 2017 4:27 PM DIRECT ACCESS IS NOT A PRODUCTION SYSTEM, YOU MUST OBTAIN PERMISSION FROM IT  MANAGEMENT BEFORE SETTING UP DIRECT ACCESS IF THIS IS FOR A LAPTOP FOR A SERVICING USER THERE IS A DIFFERENT SETUP REQUIRED, PLEASE  SPEAK WITH A DESKTOP ENGINEER BEFORE PROCEEDING **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM**","draft - set computer use direct access draft - set computer use direct access draft - set computer use direct access draft - set computer use direct access draft - set computer use direct access draft - set computer use direct access draft - set computer use direct access draft - set computer use direct access draft - set computer use direct access draft - set computer use direct access monday, june 5, 2017 4:27 pm direct access production system, must obtain permission management set direct access laptop service user different setup required, please speak desktop engineer proceed **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team**","DRAFT - Setting up a computer to use Direct Access DRAFT - Setting up a computer to use Direct Access   Monday, June 5, 2017 4:27 PM DIRECT ACCESS IS NOT A PRODUCTION SYSTEM, YOU MUST OBTAIN PERMISSION FROM IT  MANAGEMENT BEFORE SETTING UP DIRECT ACCESS IF THIS IS FOR A LAPTOP FOR A SERVICING USER THERE IS A DIFFERENT SETUP REQUIRED, PLEASE  SPEAK WITH A DESKTOP ENGINEER BEFORE PROCEEDING **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM**","draft - set computer use direct access draft - set computer use direct access monday, june 5, 2017 4:27 pm direct access production system, must obtain permission management set direct access laptop service user different setup required, please speak desktop engineer proceed **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team**"
127,Dean Zander," Sunday, June 26, 2016 4:00 PM 2 x HP EliteDisplay e221 monitors 1 x HP EliteDesk 8300 desktop Logitech K120 wired keyboard Microsoft wireless Mobile Mouse 3500 Altec Lansing speakers Cisco 7965 phone Network and power are plugged in behind the pinball machine and long cords were run behind the  furniture under the window and then under the desk              ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[960, 962]","Dean Zander Dean Zander Dean Zander Dean Zander Dean Zander Dean Zander Dean Zander Dean Zander Dean Zander Dean Zander   Sunday, June 26, 2016 4:00 PM 2 x HP EliteDisplay e221 monitors 1 x HP EliteDesk 8300 desktop Logitech K120 wired keyboard Microsoft wireless Mobile Mouse 3500 Altec Lansing speakers Cisco 7965 phone Network and power are plugged in behind the pinball machine and long cords were run behind the  furniture under the window and then under the desk              ","dean zander dean zander dean zander dean zander dean zander dean zander dean zander dean zander dean zander dean zander sunday, june 26, 2016 4:00 pm 2 x hp elitedisplay e221 monitor 1 x hp elitedesk 8300 desktop logitech k120 wire keyboard microsoft wireless mobile mouse 3500 altec lansing speakers cisco 7965 phone network power plug behind pinball machine long cord run behind furniture window desk","Dean Zander Dean Zander   Sunday, June 26, 2016 4:00 PM 2 x HP EliteDisplay e221 monitors 1 x HP EliteDesk 8300 desktop Logitech K120 wired keyboard Microsoft wireless Mobile Mouse 3500 Altec Lansing speakers Cisco 7965 phone Network and power are plugged in behind the pinball machine and long cords were run behind the  furniture under the window and then under the desk              ","dean zander dean zander sunday, june 26, 2016 4:00 pm 2 x hp elitedisplay e221 monitor 1 x hp elitedesk 8300 desktop logitech k120 wire keyboard microsoft wireless mobile mouse 3500 altec lansing speakers cisco 7965 phone network power plug behind pinball machine long cord run behind furniture window desk"
128,Delete Duplicate Outlook Entries," Thursday, April 23, 2015 12:02 PM HOW TO DELETE DUPLICATE OUTLOOK ADDRESS BOOK ENTRIES In Tools...Addressbook you may have to pick from a list that looks  like this: Outlook Address Book Contacts Contacts Where only the last one has any contacts. The way to remove this condition is to go to TOOLS | EMAIL ACCOUNTS | DIRECTORIES | ""View or Change..."". Select your Outlook Book service, than change. On the next page,  delete the empty Address Books entries. After restart Outlook they should be gone.  BACK    ","[72, 0, 170, 779]",[345],"Delete Duplicate Outlook Entries Delete Duplicate Outlook Entries Delete Duplicate Outlook Entries Delete Duplicate Outlook Entries Delete Duplicate Outlook Entries Delete Duplicate Outlook Entries Delete Duplicate Outlook Entries Delete Duplicate Outlook Entries Delete Duplicate Outlook Entries Delete Duplicate Outlook Entries   Thursday, April 23, 2015 12:02 PM HOW TO DELETE DUPLICATE OUTLOOK ADDRESS BOOK ENTRIES In Tools...Addressbook you may have to pick from a list that looks  like this: Outlook Address Book Contacts Contacts Where only the last one has any contacts. The way to remove this condition is to go to TOOLS | EMAIL ACCOUNTS | DIRECTORIES | ""View or Change..."". Select your Outlook Book service, than change. On the next page,  delete the empty Address Books entries. After restart Outlook they should be gone.  BACK    ","delete duplicate outlook entries delete duplicate outlook entries delete duplicate outlook entries delete duplicate outlook entries delete duplicate outlook entries delete duplicate outlook entries delete duplicate outlook entries delete duplicate outlook entries delete duplicate outlook entries delete duplicate outlook entries thursday, april 23, 2015 12:02 pm delete duplicate outlook address book entries tools...addressbook may pick list look like this: outlook address book contact contact last one contacts. way remove condition go tool | email account | directories | ""view change..."". select outlook book service, change. next page, delete empty address book entries. restart outlook gone. back","Delete Duplicate Outlook Entries Delete Duplicate Outlook Entries   Thursday, April 23, 2015 12:02 PM HOW TO DELETE DUPLICATE OUTLOOK ADDRESS BOOK ENTRIES In Tools...Addressbook you may have to pick from a list that looks  like this: Outlook Address Book Contacts Contacts Where only the last one has any contacts. The way to remove this condition is to go to TOOLS | EMAIL ACCOUNTS | DIRECTORIES | ""View or Change..."". Select your Outlook Book service, than change. On the next page,  delete the empty Address Books entries. After restart Outlook they should be gone.  BACK    ","delete duplicate outlook entries delete duplicate outlook entries thursday, april 23, 2015 12:02 pm delete duplicate outlook address book entries tools...addressbook may pick list look like this: outlook address book contact contact last one contacts. way remove condition go tool | email account | directories | ""view change..."". select outlook book service, change. next page, delete empty address book entries. restart outlook gone. back"
129,Developer," Monday, June 5, 2017 12:07 PM POLARIS DEVELOPERS SHOULD RECEIVE A COMPUTER RUNNING WINDOWS 10 (OR A MACBOOK),  DO NOT DEPLOY WINDOWS 7 FOR A POLARIS DEVELOPER **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** Developers who work on the Polaris Team install certain programs to help them with their work. A  workstation setup document can be found in the Kanban Team Polaris section on the Agile COI. You  can follow this document to help get things setup ahead of time for a Polaris Developer.  **NOTE** Some of the steps are user customization steps, so you will not be able to do those steps  since you are not able to login as the user. Just skip these steps and move on to installing the next  program. https://sp13.berkadia.com/it/bt/AgileCOI/Kanban%20Team%20Polaris% 20Platform/Forms/AllItems.aspx The current document is titled Developer Workstation Setup and was authored by Ja'Shon Cade      Friday, March 17, 2017 4:09 PM THIS IS DOCUMENTATION FOR IMAGING AN 840 G3 LAPTOP WITH THE CUSTOMIZATIONS FOR AN IT QE DEVELOPER ONLY **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** Use this checklist when building a new laptop for an IT QE Developer NEW Laptop Bu...    ","[67, 1, 69, 753]","[1190, 1254]","Developer Developer Developer Developer Developer Developer Developer Developer Developer Developer   Monday, June 5, 2017 12:07 PM POLARIS DEVELOPERS SHOULD RECEIVE A COMPUTER RUNNING WINDOWS 10 (OR A MACBOOK),  DO NOT DEPLOY WINDOWS 7 FOR A POLARIS DEVELOPER **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** Developers who work on the Polaris Team install certain programs to help them with their work. A  workstation setup document can be found in the Kanban Team Polaris section on the Agile COI. You  can follow this document to help get things setup ahead of time for a Polaris Developer.  **NOTE** Some of the steps are user customization steps, so you will not be able to do those steps  since you are not able to login as the user. Just skip these steps and move on to installing the next  program. https://sp13.berkadia.com/it/bt/AgileCOI/Kanban%20Team%20Polaris% 20Platform/Forms/AllItems.aspx The current document is titled Developer Workstation Setup and was authored by Ja'Shon Cade      Friday, March 17, 2017 4:09 PM THIS IS DOCUMENTATION FOR IMAGING AN 840 G3 LAPTOP WITH THE CUSTOMIZATIONS FOR AN IT QE DEVELOPER ONLY **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** Use this checklist when building a new laptop for an IT QE Developer NEW Laptop Bu...    ","developer developer developer developer developer developer developer developer developer developer monday, june 5, 2017 12:07 pm polaris developers receive computer run windows 10 (or macbook), deploy windows 7 polaris developer **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** developers work polaris team install certain program help work. workstation setup document find kanban team polaris section agile coi. follow document help get things setup ahead time polaris developer. **note** step user customization steps, able step since able login user. skip step move instal next program. https://sp13.berkadia.com/it/bt/agilecoi/kanban%20team%20polaris% 20platform/forms/allitems.aspx current document title developer workstation setup author ja'shon cade friday, march 17, 2017 4:09 pm documentation image 840 g3 laptop customizations qe developer **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** use checklist build new laptop qe developer new laptop bu...","Developer Developer   Monday, June 5, 2017 12:07 PM POLARIS DEVELOPERS SHOULD RECEIVE A COMPUTER RUNNING WINDOWS 10 (OR A MACBOOK),  DO NOT DEPLOY WINDOWS 7 FOR A POLARIS DEVELOPER **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** Developers who work on the Polaris Team install certain programs to help them with their work. A  workstation setup document can be found in the Kanban Team Polaris section on the Agile COI. You  can follow this document to help get things setup ahead of time for a Polaris Developer.  **NOTE** Some of the steps are user customization steps, so you will not be able to do those steps  since you are not able to login as the user. Just skip these steps and move on to installing the next  program. https://sp13.berkadia.com/it/bt/AgileCOI/Kanban%20Team%20Polaris% 20Platform/Forms/AllItems.aspx The current document is titled Developer Workstation Setup and was authored by Ja'Shon Cade      Friday, March 17, 2017 4:09 PM THIS IS DOCUMENTATION FOR IMAGING AN 840 G3 LAPTOP WITH THE CUSTOMIZATIONS FOR AN IT QE DEVELOPER ONLY **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** Use this checklist when building a new laptop for an IT QE Developer NEW Laptop Bu...    ","developer developer monday, june 5, 2017 12:07 pm polaris developers receive computer run windows 10 (or macbook), deploy windows 7 polaris developer **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** developers work polaris team install certain program help work. workstation setup document find kanban team polaris section agile coi. follow document help get things setup ahead time polaris developer. **note** step user customization steps, able step since able login user. skip step move instal next program. https://sp13.berkadia.com/it/bt/agilecoi/kanban%20team%20polaris% 20platform/forms/allitems.aspx current document title developer workstation setup author ja'shon cade friday, march 17, 2017 4:09 pm documentation image 840 g3 laptop customizations qe developer **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** use checklist build new laptop qe developer new laptop bu..."
130,Disable Help Tips," Thursday, January 7, 2016 9:27 AM Launch local group policy editor as an administrator gpedit.msc Expand Computer Configuration --> Administrative Templates --> Windows Components --> Edge UI Double click Disable help tips Set to Enabled and click OK Close local group policy editor    ","[72, 0, 177, 775]",[675],"Disable Help Tips Disable Help Tips Disable Help Tips Disable Help Tips Disable Help Tips Disable Help Tips Disable Help Tips Disable Help Tips Disable Help Tips Disable Help Tips   Thursday, January 7, 2016 9:27 AM Launch local group policy editor as an administrator gpedit.msc Expand Computer Configuration --> Administrative Templates --> Windows Components --> Edge UI Double click Disable help tips Set to Enabled and click OK Close local group policy editor    ","disable help tip disable help tip disable help tip disable help tip disable help tip disable help tip disable help tip disable help tip disable help tip disable help tip thursday, january 7, 2016 9:27 launch local group policy editor administrator gpedit.msc expand computer configuration --> administrative templates --> windows components --> edge ui double click disable help tip set enable click ok close local group policy editor","Disable Help Tips Disable Help Tips   Thursday, January 7, 2016 9:27 AM Launch local group policy editor as an administrator gpedit.msc Expand Computer Configuration --> Administrative Templates --> Windows Components --> Edge UI Double click Disable help tips Set to Enabled and click OK Close local group policy editor    ","disable help tip disable help tip thursday, january 7, 2016 9:27 launch local group policy editor administrator gpedit.msc expand computer configuration --> administrative templates --> windows components --> edge ui double click disable help tip set enable click ok close local group policy editor"
131,Disable attachment security," Thursday, April 23, 2015 12:04 PM 1. START | RUN | REGEDIT 2. HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Microsoft\Office\10.0 \Outlook\Security 3. EDIT | NEW | STRING 4. Type LEVEL1REMOVE and press Enter 5. Select the LEVEL1REMOVE | EDIT | MODIFY  6. Type f.e. bat; cmd; exe; mdb in the Value data box and OK 7. Quit Registry Editor and Start Outlook.  BACK    ","[72, 0, 467, 779]",[346],"Disable attachment security Disable attachment security Disable attachment security Disable attachment security Disable attachment security Disable attachment security Disable attachment security Disable attachment security Disable attachment security Disable attachment security   Thursday, April 23, 2015 12:04 PM 1. START | RUN | REGEDIT 2. HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Microsoft\Office\10.0 \Outlook\Security 3. EDIT | NEW | STRING 4. Type LEVEL1REMOVE and press Enter 5. Select the LEVEL1REMOVE | EDIT | MODIFY  6. Type f.e. bat; cmd; exe; mdb in the Value data box and OK 7. Quit Registry Editor and Start Outlook.  BACK    ","disable attachment security disable attachment security disable attachment security disable attachment security disable attachment security disable attachment security disable attachment security disable attachment security disable attachment security disable attachment security thursday, april 23, 2015 12:04 pm 1. start | run | regedit 2. hkey_current_user\software\microsoft\office\10.0 \outlook\security 3. edit | new | string 4. type level1remove press enter 5. select level1remove | edit | modify 6. type f.e. bat; cmd; exe; mdb value data box ok 7. quit registry editor start outlook. back","Disable attachment security Disable attachment security   Thursday, April 23, 2015 12:04 PM 1. START | RUN | REGEDIT 2. HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Microsoft\Office\10.0 \Outlook\Security 3. EDIT | NEW | STRING 4. Type LEVEL1REMOVE and press Enter 5. Select the LEVEL1REMOVE | EDIT | MODIFY  6. Type f.e. bat; cmd; exe; mdb in the Value data box and OK 7. Quit Registry Editor and Start Outlook.  BACK    ","disable attachment security disable attachment security thursday, april 23, 2015 12:04 pm 1. start | run | regedit 2. hkey_current_user\software\microsoft\office\10.0 \outlook\security 3. edit | new | string 4. type level1remove press enter 5. select level1remove | edit | modify 6. type f.e. bat; cmd; exe; mdb value data box ok 7. quit registry editor start outlook. back"
132,Distribution List," Friday, June 15, 2018 8:28 AM  Friday, June 15, 2018 8:28 AM                   ","[62, 2, 62, 779]","[702, 705]","Distribution List Distribution List Distribution List Distribution List Distribution List Distribution List Distribution List Distribution List Distribution List Distribution List   Friday, June 15, 2018 8:28 AM  Friday, June 15, 2018 8:28 AM                   ","distribution list distribution list distribution list distribution list distribution list distribution list distribution list distribution list distribution list distribution list friday, june 15, 2018 8:28 friday, june 15, 2018 8:28","Distribution List Distribution List   Friday, June 15, 2018 8:28 AM  Friday, June 15, 2018 8:28 AM                   ","distribution list distribution list friday, june 15, 2018 8:28 friday, june 15, 2018 8:28"
133,Distribution List Adding Large Number Of Items," Monday, December 10, 2012 2:22 PM PROBLEM ADDING A LARGE NUMBER OF ITEMS TO A DISTRIBUTION LIST There is not an exact number of contacts that you can add in a DL, the limit is based on the total size  of the contacts. If you use the very basic information for contacts (for example, only the name and  the e-mail address), your DL limit may be 125 to 130 contacts. On average, the number of contacts  that you can add to a DL is limited between 50 and 70 contacts, but for some user who have  contacts that contain a large amount of data, the DL limit can only be as little as 25 contacts. The DL  limit is also based on the property size limit of the Microsoft Exchange server. The property size limit  for an Exchange server is about 8 kilobytes (KB). The Exchange server stores all contact links in one  property store, so the DL limit depends on the contact's name length and the size of the entry ID  (the type of e-mail address and the length), on average Create multiple distribution lists, each with no more than the maximum number of items.     ","[72, 0, 189, 779]",[331],"Distribution List Adding Large Number Of Items Distribution List Adding Large Number Of Items Distribution List Adding Large Number Of Items Distribution List Adding Large Number Of Items Distribution List Adding Large Number Of Items Distribution List Adding Large Number Of Items Distribution List Adding Large Number Of Items Distribution List Adding Large Number Of Items Distribution List Adding Large Number Of Items Distribution List Adding Large Number Of Items   Monday, December 10, 2012 2:22 PM PROBLEM ADDING A LARGE NUMBER OF ITEMS TO A DISTRIBUTION LIST There is not an exact number of contacts that you can add in a DL, the limit is based on the total size  of the contacts. If you use the very basic information for contacts (for example, only the name and  the e-mail address), your DL limit may be 125 to 130 contacts. On average, the number of contacts  that you can add to a DL is limited between 50 and 70 contacts, but for some user who have  contacts that contain a large amount of data, the DL limit can only be as little as 25 contacts. The DL  limit is also based on the property size limit of the Microsoft Exchange server. The property size limit  for an Exchange server is about 8 kilobytes (KB). The Exchange server stores all contact links in one  property store, so the DL limit depends on the contact's name length and the size of the entry ID  (the type of e-mail address and the length), on average Create multiple distribution lists, each with no more than the maximum number of items.     ","distribution list add large number items distribution list add large number items distribution list add large number items distribution list add large number items distribution list add large number items distribution list add large number items distribution list add large number items distribution list add large number items distribution list add large number items distribution list add large number items monday, december 10, 2012 2:22 pm problem add large number items distribution list exact number contact add dl, limit base total size contacts. use basic information contact (for example, name e-mail address), dl limit may 125 130 contacts. average, number contact add dl limit 50 70 contacts, user contact contain large amount data, dl limit little 25 contacts. dl limit also base property size limit microsoft exchange server. property size limit exchange server 8 kilobytes (kb). exchange server store contact link one property store, dl limit depend contact's name length size entry id (the type e-mail address length), average create multiple distribution lists, maximum number items.","Distribution List Adding Large Number Of Items Distribution List Adding Large Number Of Items   Monday, December 10, 2012 2:22 PM PROBLEM ADDING A LARGE NUMBER OF ITEMS TO A DISTRIBUTION LIST There is not an exact number of contacts that you can add in a DL, the limit is based on the total size  of the contacts. If you use the very basic information for contacts (for example, only the name and  the e-mail address), your DL limit may be 125 to 130 contacts. On average, the number of contacts  that you can add to a DL is limited between 50 and 70 contacts, but for some user who have  contacts that contain a large amount of data, the DL limit can only be as little as 25 contacts. The DL  limit is also based on the property size limit of the Microsoft Exchange server. The property size limit  for an Exchange server is about 8 kilobytes (KB). The Exchange server stores all contact links in one  property store, so the DL limit depends on the contact's name length and the size of the entry ID  (the type of e-mail address and the length), on average Create multiple distribution lists, each with no more than the maximum number of items.     ","distribution list add large number items distribution list add large number items monday, december 10, 2012 2:22 pm problem add large number items distribution list exact number contact add dl, limit base total size contacts. use basic information contact (for example, name e-mail address), dl limit may 125 130 contacts. average, number contact add dl limit 50 70 contacts, user contact contain large amount data, dl limit little 25 contacts. dl limit also base property size limit microsoft exchange server. property size limit exchange server 8 kilobytes (kb). exchange server store contact link one property store, dl limit depend contact's name length size entry id (the type e-mail address length), average create multiple distribution lists, maximum number items."
134,Distribution List Modification," Tuesday, April 29, 2014 8:28 AM Distribution List Modification Receivables: An e-mail must be sent from the requestor to the Security Mailbox with the following  information included a.) b.) Name of User(s) for which permissions are being applied Name of Distribution List being modified **If any of the information listed above is left off of the request, reply to the requestor asking to be  provided with the additional information. Actions Needed:  1.) 2.) 3.) 4.) Locate the Distribution List being modified within Active Directory ** All Berkadia Distribution Lists should be located in GMACCM.COM > Berkadia > Exchange >  DistGrps OU Right-click the object and select Properties. Go to the General tab; the owner and or approver of the group should be listed in the  Notes field. The owner may also be listed within the Managed By tab. Is approval from the owner/approver(s) listed in the original request a. Yes b. No i. Perform the requested changes to the distribution list. i. ii. Send an e-mail to the owner of the group confirming their approval **Please note when sending e-mail from the Security Mailbox, place – Request #  BITXXXX in the subject line of the e-mail. Once approval is received, perform the requested changes to the  distribution list. 5.) Reply to the original e-mail notifying the requestor of the request being resolved. **Please note when sending e-mail from the Security Mailbox, place – Request # BITXXXX in the  subject line of the e-mail. Use the Distribution List Modification template at \\pa508shrdrv1\DT_Eng\Security \Template as a reference. 6.) Close out the ticket that was generated within Incident Monitor under the following  categories: Category: Security Operations Sub-Category: E-Mail Management Module: Modify Mailbox/Distribution List **Please be sure to include the following in the IM ticket when closing it out 1.) 2.) Notification of approval received from owner/approver Notification of request being completed sent to the requestor    ","[72, 0, 436, 779]",[790],"Distribution List Modification Distribution List Modification Distribution List Modification Distribution List Modification Distribution List Modification Distribution List Modification Distribution List Modification Distribution List Modification Distribution List Modification Distribution List Modification   Tuesday, April 29, 2014 8:28 AM Distribution List Modification Receivables: An e-mail must be sent from the requestor to the Security Mailbox with the following  information included a.) b.) Name of User(s) for which permissions are being applied Name of Distribution List being modified **If any of the information listed above is left off of the request, reply to the requestor asking to be  provided with the additional information. Actions Needed:  1.) 2.) 3.) 4.) Locate the Distribution List being modified within Active Directory ** All Berkadia Distribution Lists should be located in GMACCM.COM > Berkadia > Exchange >  DistGrps OU Right-click the object and select Properties. Go to the General tab; the owner and or approver of the group should be listed in the  Notes field. The owner may also be listed within the Managed By tab. Is approval from the owner/approver(s) listed in the original request a. Yes b. No i. Perform the requested changes to the distribution list. i. ii. Send an e-mail to the owner of the group confirming their approval **Please note when sending e-mail from the Security Mailbox, place – Request #  BITXXXX in the subject line of the e-mail. Once approval is received, perform the requested changes to the  distribution list. 5.) Reply to the original e-mail notifying the requestor of the request being resolved. **Please note when sending e-mail from the Security Mailbox, place – Request # BITXXXX in the  subject line of the e-mail. Use the Distribution List Modification template at \\pa508shrdrv1\DT_Eng\Security \Template as a reference. 6.) Close out the ticket that was generated within Incident Monitor under the following  categories: Category: Security Operations Sub-Category: E-Mail Management Module: Modify Mailbox/Distribution List **Please be sure to include the following in the IM ticket when closing it out 1.) 2.) Notification of approval received from owner/approver Notification of request being completed sent to the requestor    ","distribution list modification distribution list modification distribution list modification distribution list modification distribution list modification distribution list modification distribution list modification distribution list modification distribution list modification distribution list modification tuesday, april 29, 2014 8:28 distribution list modification receivables: e-mail must send requestor security mailbox follow information include a.) b.) name user(s) permissions apply name distribution list modify **if information list leave request, reply requestor ask provide additional information. action needed: 1.) 2.) 3.) 4.) locate distribution list modify within active directory ** berkadia distribution list locate gmaccm.com > berkadia > exchange > distgrps ou right-click object select properties. go general tab; owner approver group list note field. owner may also list within manage tab. approval owner/approver(s) list original request a. yes b. i. perform request change distribution list. i. ii. send e-mail owner group confirm approval **please note send e-mail security mailbox, place – request # bitxxxx subject line e-mail. approval received, perform request change distribution list. 5.) reply original e-mail notify requestor request resolved. **please note send e-mail security mailbox, place – request # bitxxxx subject line e-mail. use distribution list modification template \\pa508shrdrv1\dt_eng\security \template reference. 6.) close ticket generate within incident monitor follow categories: category: security operations sub-category: e-mail management module: modify mailbox/distribution list **please sure include follow im ticket close 1.) 2.) notification approval receive owner/approver notification request complete send requestor","Distribution List Modification Distribution List Modification   Tuesday, April 29, 2014 8:28 AM Distribution List Modification Receivables: An e-mail must be sent from the requestor to the Security Mailbox with the following  information included a.) b.) Name of User(s) for which permissions are being applied Name of Distribution List being modified **If any of the information listed above is left off of the request, reply to the requestor asking to be  provided with the additional information. Actions Needed:  1.) 2.) 3.) 4.) Locate the Distribution List being modified within Active Directory ** All Berkadia Distribution Lists should be located in GMACCM.COM > Berkadia > Exchange >  DistGrps OU Right-click the object and select Properties. Go to the General tab; the owner and or approver of the group should be listed in the  Notes field. The owner may also be listed within the Managed By tab. Is approval from the owner/approver(s) listed in the original request a. Yes b. No i. Perform the requested changes to the distribution list. i. ii. Send an e-mail to the owner of the group confirming their approval **Please note when sending e-mail from the Security Mailbox, place – Request #  BITXXXX in the subject line of the e-mail. Once approval is received, perform the requested changes to the  distribution list. 5.) Reply to the original e-mail notifying the requestor of the request being resolved. **Please note when sending e-mail from the Security Mailbox, place – Request # BITXXXX in the  subject line of the e-mail. Use the Distribution List Modification template at \\pa508shrdrv1\DT_Eng\Security \Template as a reference. 6.) Close out the ticket that was generated within Incident Monitor under the following  categories: Category: Security Operations Sub-Category: E-Mail Management Module: Modify Mailbox/Distribution List **Please be sure to include the following in the IM ticket when closing it out 1.) 2.) Notification of approval received from owner/approver Notification of request being completed sent to the requestor    ","distribution list modification distribution list modification tuesday, april 29, 2014 8:28 distribution list modification receivables: e-mail must send requestor security mailbox follow information include a.) b.) name user(s) permissions apply name distribution list modify **if information list leave request, reply requestor ask provide additional information. action needed: 1.) 2.) 3.) 4.) locate distribution list modify within active directory ** berkadia distribution list locate gmaccm.com > berkadia > exchange > distgrps ou right-click object select properties. go general tab; owner approver group list note field. owner may also list within manage tab. approval owner/approver(s) list original request a. yes b. i. perform request change distribution list. i. ii. send e-mail owner group confirm approval **please note send e-mail security mailbox, place – request # bitxxxx subject line e-mail. approval received, perform request change distribution list. 5.) reply original e-mail notify requestor request resolved. **please note send e-mail security mailbox, place – request # bitxxxx subject line e-mail. use distribution list modification template \\pa508shrdrv1\dt_eng\security \template reference. 6.) close ticket generate within incident monitor follow categories: category: security operations sub-category: e-mail management module: modify mailbox/distribution list **please sure include follow im ticket close 1.) 2.) notification approval receive owner/approver notification request complete send requestor"
135,Document shortcuts," Command- Shift-Tilde (~) Switch windows: Switch to the next most recently used window of  the front app. Command- Shift-3 Screenshot: Take a screenshot of the entire screen. Learn more  screenshot shortcuts. Preferences: Open preferences for the front app. Command- Comma (,)                Shortcut               Description Power button Tap to turn on your Mac or wake your Mac from sleep.  Hold for 1.5 seconds while your Mac is awake to display a  dialog asking if you want to restart, sleep, or shut down. Hold for 5 seconds to force your Mac to turn off. Command–Control– Power button Command–Option– Power button Shift–Control– Power button Command–Control– Power button Force your Mac to restart. Put your Mac to sleep. Put your displays to sleep. Quit all apps, then restart your Mac. If any open  documents have unsaved changes, you'll be asked  whether you want to save them. Command–Option– Control– Power button Quit all apps, then shut down your Mac. If any open  documents have unsaved changes, you'll be asked  whether you want to save them. Command-Shift-Q Log out of your OS X user account. You'll be asked to  confirm. Command-Shift- Option-Q Log out of your OS X user account immediately, without  being asked to confirm.                Shortcut               Description Command-B Boldface the selected text, or turn boldfacing on or off. Command-I Italicize the selected text, or turn italics on or off. Command-U Underline the selected text, or turn underlining on or off. Command-T Command-D Command- Control-D Command-Shift- Colon (:) Show or hide the Fonts window. Select the Desktop folder from within an Open dialog or Save  dialog. Show or hide the definition of the selected word. Display the Spelling and Grammar window.      Colon (:) Command- Semicolon (;) Find misspelled words in the document. Option-Delete Delete the word to the left of the insertion point. Control-H Control-D Fn-Delete Delete the character to the left of the insertion point. Or use  Delete. Delete the character to the right of the insertion point. Or  use Fn-Delete. Forward delete on keyboards that don't have a Forward  Delete key. Or use Control-D. Control-K Delete the text between the insertion point and the end of  the line or paragraph. Command-Delete Select Delete or Don't Save in a dialog that contains a Delete  or Don't Save button. Fn–Up Arrow Page Up: Scroll up one page. Fn–Down Arrow Page Down: Scroll down one page. Fn–Left Arrow Home: Scroll to the beginning of a document. Fn–Right Arrow End: Scroll to the end of a document. Command–Up  Arrow Command–Down  Arrow Command–Left  Arrow Command– Right Arrow Option–Left  Arrow Option–Right  Arrow Move the insertion point to the beginning of the document. Move the insertion point to the end of the document. Move the insertion point to the beginning of the current line. Move the insertion point to the end of the current line. Move the insertion point to the beginning of the previous  word. Move the insertion point to the end of the next word. Command–Shift– Up Arrow Select the text between the insertion point and the  beginning of the document. Command–Shift– Down Arrow Select the text between the insertion point and the end of  the document. Command–Shift– Left Arrow Select the text between the insertion point and the  beginning of the current line. Command–Shift– Right Arrow Select the text between the insertion point and the end of  the current line. Shift–Up Arrow Extend text selection to the nearest character at the same       Shift–Up Arrow Extend text selection to the nearest character at the same  horizontal location on the line above. Shift–Down  Arrow Extend text selection to the nearest character at the same  horizontal location on the line below. Shift–Left Arrow Extend text selection one character to the left. Shift–Right Arrow Extend text selection one character to the right. Shift–Option– Up Arrow Shift–Option– Down Arrow Shift–Option– Left Arrow Shift–Option– Right Arrow Extend text selection to the beginning of the current  paragraph, then to the beginning of the following paragraph  if pressed again. Extend text selection to the end of the current paragraph,  then to the end of the following paragraph if pressed again. Extend text selection to the beginning of the current word,  then to the beginning of the following word if pressed again. Extend text selection to the end of the current word, then to  the end of the following word if pressed again. Control-A Control-E Control-F Control-B Control-L Control-P Control-N Control-O Control-T Command– Left Curly Bracket ({) Command– Right Curly Bracke t (}) Command–Shift– Vertical bar (|) Command-Option- Command-Option- Move to the beginning of the line or paragraph. Move to the end of a line or paragraph. Move one character forward. Move one character backward. Center the cursor or selection in the visible area. Move up one line. Move down one line. Insert a new line after the insertion point. Swap the character behind the insertion point with the  character in front of the insertion point. Left align. Right align. Center align. Go to the search field. Show or hide a toolbar in the app. Command-Option- Copy Style: Copy the formatting settings of the selected item  to the Clipboard. Command-Option- Paste Style: Apply the copied style to the selected item.      Command-Option- Paste Style: Apply the copied style to the selected item. Command-Shift- Option-V Paste and Match Style: Apply the style of the surrounding  content to the item pasted within that content. Command-Option- Show or hide the inspector window. Command-Shift-P Page setup: Display a window for selecting document  settings. Command-Shift-S Display the Save As dialog, or duplicate the current  document. Decrease the size of the selected item. Command–Shift– Minus sign (-)     Command–Shift– Plus sign (+) Increase the size of the selected item. Command–Equal  sign (=) performs the same function. Open the Help menu. Command–Shift– Question mark (?)","[72, 508, 72, 300]","[502, 505]","Document shortcuts Document shortcuts Document shortcuts Document shortcuts Document shortcuts Document shortcuts Document shortcuts Document shortcuts Document shortcuts Document shortcuts   Command- Shift-Tilde (~) Switch windows: Switch to the next most recently used window of  the front app. Command- Shift-3 Screenshot: Take a screenshot of the entire screen. Learn more  screenshot shortcuts. Preferences: Open preferences for the front app. Command- Comma (,)                Shortcut               Description Power button Tap to turn on your Mac or wake your Mac from sleep.  Hold for 1.5 seconds while your Mac is awake to display a  dialog asking if you want to restart, sleep, or shut down. Hold for 5 seconds to force your Mac to turn off. Command–Control– Power button Command–Option– Power button Shift–Control– Power button Command–Control– Power button Force your Mac to restart. Put your Mac to sleep. Put your displays to sleep. Quit all apps, then restart your Mac. If any open  documents have unsaved changes, you'll be asked  whether you want to save them. Command–Option– Control– Power button Quit all apps, then shut down your Mac. If any open  documents have unsaved changes, you'll be asked  whether you want to save them. Command-Shift-Q Log out of your OS X user account. You'll be asked to  confirm. Command-Shift- Option-Q Log out of your OS X user account immediately, without  being asked to confirm.                Shortcut               Description Command-B Boldface the selected text, or turn boldfacing on or off. Command-I Italicize the selected text, or turn italics on or off. Command-U Underline the selected text, or turn underlining on or off. Command-T Command-D Command- Control-D Command-Shift- Colon (:) Show or hide the Fonts window. Select the Desktop folder from within an Open dialog or Save  dialog. Show or hide the definition of the selected word. Display the Spelling and Grammar window.      Colon (:) Command- Semicolon (;) Find misspelled words in the document. Option-Delete Delete the word to the left of the insertion point. Control-H Control-D Fn-Delete Delete the character to the left of the insertion point. Or use  Delete. Delete the character to the right of the insertion point. Or  use Fn-Delete. Forward delete on keyboards that don't have a Forward  Delete key. Or use Control-D. Control-K Delete the text between the insertion point and the end of  the line or paragraph. Command-Delete Select Delete or Don't Save in a dialog that contains a Delete  or Don't Save button. Fn–Up Arrow Page Up: Scroll up one page. Fn–Down Arrow Page Down: Scroll down one page. Fn–Left Arrow Home: Scroll to the beginning of a document. Fn–Right Arrow End: Scroll to the end of a document. Command–Up  Arrow Command–Down  Arrow Command–Left  Arrow Command– Right Arrow Option–Left  Arrow Option–Right  Arrow Move the insertion point to the beginning of the document. Move the insertion point to the end of the document. Move the insertion point to the beginning of the current line. Move the insertion point to the end of the current line. Move the insertion point to the beginning of the previous  word. Move the insertion point to the end of the next word. Command–Shift– Up Arrow Select the text between the insertion point and the  beginning of the document. Command–Shift– Down Arrow Select the text between the insertion point and the end of  the document. Command–Shift– Left Arrow Select the text between the insertion point and the  beginning of the current line. Command–Shift– Right Arrow Select the text between the insertion point and the end of  the current line. Shift–Up Arrow Extend text selection to the nearest character at the same       Shift–Up Arrow Extend text selection to the nearest character at the same  horizontal location on the line above. Shift–Down  Arrow Extend text selection to the nearest character at the same  horizontal location on the line below. Shift–Left Arrow Extend text selection one character to the left. Shift–Right Arrow Extend text selection one character to the right. Shift–Option– Up Arrow Shift–Option– Down Arrow Shift–Option– Left Arrow Shift–Option– Right Arrow Extend text selection to the beginning of the current  paragraph, then to the beginning of the following paragraph  if pressed again. Extend text selection to the end of the current paragraph,  then to the end of the following paragraph if pressed again. Extend text selection to the beginning of the current word,  then to the beginning of the following word if pressed again. Extend text selection to the end of the current word, then to  the end of the following word if pressed again. Control-A Control-E Control-F Control-B Control-L Control-P Control-N Control-O Control-T Command– Left Curly Bracket ({) Command– Right Curly Bracke t (}) Command–Shift– Vertical bar (|) Command-Option- Command-Option- Move to the beginning of the line or paragraph. Move to the end of a line or paragraph. Move one character forward. Move one character backward. Center the cursor or selection in the visible area. Move up one line. Move down one line. Insert a new line after the insertion point. Swap the character behind the insertion point with the  character in front of the insertion point. Left align. Right align. Center align. Go to the search field. Show or hide a toolbar in the app. Command-Option- Copy Style: Copy the formatting settings of the selected item  to the Clipboard. Command-Option- Paste Style: Apply the copied style to the selected item.      Command-Option- Paste Style: Apply the copied style to the selected item. Command-Shift- Option-V Paste and Match Style: Apply the style of the surrounding  content to the item pasted within that content. Command-Option- Show or hide the inspector window. Command-Shift-P Page setup: Display a window for selecting document  settings. Command-Shift-S Display the Save As dialog, or duplicate the current  document. Decrease the size of the selected item. Command–Shift– Minus sign (-)     Command–Shift– Plus sign (+) Increase the size of the selected item. Command–Equal  sign (=) performs the same function. Open the Help menu. Command–Shift– Question mark (?)","document shortcuts document shortcuts document shortcuts document shortcuts document shortcuts document shortcuts document shortcuts document shortcuts document shortcuts document shortcuts command- shift-tilde (~) switch windows: switch next recently use window front app. command- shift-3 screenshot: take screenshot entire screen. learn screenshot shortcuts. preferences: open preferences front app. command- comma (,) shortcut description power button tap turn mac wake mac sleep. hold 1.5 second mac awake display dialog ask want restart, sleep, shut down. hold 5 second force mac turn off. command–control– power button command–option– power button shift–control– power button command–control– power button force mac restart. put mac sleep. put display sleep. quit apps, restart mac. open document unsaved changes, ask whether want save them. command–option– control– power button quit apps, shut mac. open document unsaved changes, ask whether want save them. command-shift-q log os x user account. ask confirm. command-shift- option-q log os x user account immediately, without ask confirm. shortcut description command-b boldface select text, turn boldface off. command-i italicize select text, turn italics off. command-u underline select text, turn underline off. command-t command-d command- control-d command-shift- colon (:) show hide fonts window. select desktop folder within open dialog save dialog. show hide definition select word. display spell grammar window. colon (:) command- semicolon (;) find misspell word document. option-delete delete word leave insertion point. control-h control-d fn-delete delete character leave insertion point. use delete. delete character right insertion point. use fn-delete. forward delete keyboards forward delete key. use control-d. control-k delete text insertion point end line paragraph. command-delete select delete save dialog contain delete save button. fn–up arrow page up: scroll one page. fn–down arrow page down: scroll one page. fn–left arrow home: scroll begin document. fn–right arrow end: scroll end document. command–up arrow command–down arrow command–left arrow command– right arrow option–left arrow option–right arrow move insertion point begin document. move insertion point end document. move insertion point begin current line. move insertion point end current line. move insertion point begin previous word. move insertion point end next word. command–shift– arrow select text insertion point begin document. command–shift– arrow select text insertion point end document. command–shift– leave arrow select text insertion point begin current line. command–shift– right arrow select text insertion point end current line. shift–up arrow extend text selection nearest character shift–up arrow extend text selection nearest character horizontal location line above. shift–down arrow extend text selection nearest character horizontal location line below. shift–left arrow extend text selection one character left. shift–right arrow extend text selection one character right. shift–option– arrow shift–option– arrow shift–option– leave arrow shift–option– right arrow extend text selection begin current paragraph, begin follow paragraph press again. extend text selection end current paragraph, end follow paragraph press again. extend text selection begin current word, begin follow word press again. extend text selection end current word, end follow word press again. control-a control-e control-f control-b control-l control-p control-n control-o control-t command– leave curly bracket ({) command– right curly bracke (}) command–shift– vertical bar (|) command-option- command-option- move begin line paragraph. move end line paragraph. move one character forward. move one character backward. center cursor selection visible area. move one line. move one line. insert new line insertion point. swap character behind insertion point character front insertion point. leave align. right align. center align. go search field. show hide toolbar app. command-option- copy style: copy format settings select item clipboard. command-option- paste style: apply copy style select item. command-option- paste style: apply copy style select item. command-shift- option-v paste match style: apply style surround content item paste within content. command-option- show hide inspector window. command-shift-p page setup: display window select document settings. command-shift-s display save dialog, duplicate current document. decrease size select item. command–shift– minus sign (-) command–shift– plus sign (+) increase size select item. command–equal sign (=) perform function. open help menu. command–shift– question mark ()","Document shortcuts Document shortcuts   Command- Shift-Tilde (~) Switch windows: Switch to the next most recently used window of  the front app. Command- Shift-3 Screenshot: Take a screenshot of the entire screen. Learn more  screenshot shortcuts. Preferences: Open preferences for the front app. Command- Comma (,)                Shortcut               Description Power button Tap to turn on your Mac or wake your Mac from sleep.  Hold for 1.5 seconds while your Mac is awake to display a  dialog asking if you want to restart, sleep, or shut down. Hold for 5 seconds to force your Mac to turn off. Command–Control– Power button Command–Option– Power button Shift–Control– Power button Command–Control– Power button Force your Mac to restart. Put your Mac to sleep. Put your displays to sleep. Quit all apps, then restart your Mac. If any open  documents have unsaved changes, you'll be asked  whether you want to save them. Command–Option– Control– Power button Quit all apps, then shut down your Mac. If any open  documents have unsaved changes, you'll be asked  whether you want to save them. Command-Shift-Q Log out of your OS X user account. You'll be asked to  confirm. Command-Shift- Option-Q Log out of your OS X user account immediately, without  being asked to confirm.                Shortcut               Description Command-B Boldface the selected text, or turn boldfacing on or off. Command-I Italicize the selected text, or turn italics on or off. Command-U Underline the selected text, or turn underlining on or off. Command-T Command-D Command- Control-D Command-Shift- Colon (:) Show or hide the Fonts window. Select the Desktop folder from within an Open dialog or Save  dialog. Show or hide the definition of the selected word. Display the Spelling and Grammar window.      Colon (:) Command- Semicolon (;) Find misspelled words in the document. Option-Delete Delete the word to the left of the insertion point. Control-H Control-D Fn-Delete Delete the character to the left of the insertion point. Or use  Delete. Delete the character to the right of the insertion point. Or  use Fn-Delete. Forward delete on keyboards that don't have a Forward  Delete key. Or use Control-D. Control-K Delete the text between the insertion point and the end of  the line or paragraph. Command-Delete Select Delete or Don't Save in a dialog that contains a Delete  or Don't Save button. Fn–Up Arrow Page Up: Scroll up one page. Fn–Down Arrow Page Down: Scroll down one page. Fn–Left Arrow Home: Scroll to the beginning of a document. Fn–Right Arrow End: Scroll to the end of a document. Command–Up  Arrow Command–Down  Arrow Command–Left  Arrow Command– Right Arrow Option–Left  Arrow Option–Right  Arrow Move the insertion point to the beginning of the document. Move the insertion point to the end of the document. Move the insertion point to the beginning of the current line. Move the insertion point to the end of the current line. Move the insertion point to the beginning of the previous  word. Move the insertion point to the end of the next word. Command–Shift– Up Arrow Select the text between the insertion point and the  beginning of the document. Command–Shift– Down Arrow Select the text between the insertion point and the end of  the document. Command–Shift– Left Arrow Select the text between the insertion point and the  beginning of the current line. Command–Shift– Right Arrow Select the text between the insertion point and the end of  the current line. Shift–Up Arrow Extend text selection to the nearest character at the same       Shift–Up Arrow Extend text selection to the nearest character at the same  horizontal location on the line above. Shift–Down  Arrow Extend text selection to the nearest character at the same  horizontal location on the line below. Shift–Left Arrow Extend text selection one character to the left. Shift–Right Arrow Extend text selection one character to the right. Shift–Option– Up Arrow Shift–Option– Down Arrow Shift–Option– Left Arrow Shift–Option– Right Arrow Extend text selection to the beginning of the current  paragraph, then to the beginning of the following paragraph  if pressed again. Extend text selection to the end of the current paragraph,  then to the end of the following paragraph if pressed again. Extend text selection to the beginning of the current word,  then to the beginning of the following word if pressed again. Extend text selection to the end of the current word, then to  the end of the following word if pressed again. Control-A Control-E Control-F Control-B Control-L Control-P Control-N Control-O Control-T Command– Left Curly Bracket ({) Command– Right Curly Bracke t (}) Command–Shift– Vertical bar (|) Command-Option- Command-Option- Move to the beginning of the line or paragraph. Move to the end of a line or paragraph. Move one character forward. Move one character backward. Center the cursor or selection in the visible area. Move up one line. Move down one line. Insert a new line after the insertion point. Swap the character behind the insertion point with the  character in front of the insertion point. Left align. Right align. Center align. Go to the search field. Show or hide a toolbar in the app. Command-Option- Copy Style: Copy the formatting settings of the selected item  to the Clipboard. Command-Option- Paste Style: Apply the copied style to the selected item.      Command-Option- Paste Style: Apply the copied style to the selected item. Command-Shift- Option-V Paste and Match Style: Apply the style of the surrounding  content to the item pasted within that content. Command-Option- Show or hide the inspector window. Command-Shift-P Page setup: Display a window for selecting document  settings. Command-Shift-S Display the Save As dialog, or duplicate the current  document. Decrease the size of the selected item. Command–Shift– Minus sign (-)     Command–Shift– Plus sign (+) Increase the size of the selected item. Command–Equal  sign (=) performs the same function. Open the Help menu. Command–Shift– Question mark (?)","document shortcuts document shortcuts command- shift-tilde (~) switch windows: switch next recently use window front app. command- shift-3 screenshot: take screenshot entire screen. learn screenshot shortcuts. preferences: open preferences front app. command- comma (,) shortcut description power button tap turn mac wake mac sleep. hold 1.5 second mac awake display dialog ask want restart, sleep, shut down. hold 5 second force mac turn off. command–control– power button command–option– power button shift–control– power button command–control– power button force mac restart. put mac sleep. put display sleep. quit apps, restart mac. open document unsaved changes, ask whether want save them. command–option– control– power button quit apps, shut mac. open document unsaved changes, ask whether want save them. command-shift-q log os x user account. ask confirm. command-shift- option-q log os x user account immediately, without ask confirm. shortcut description command-b boldface select text, turn boldface off. command-i italicize select text, turn italics off. command-u underline select text, turn underline off. command-t command-d command- control-d command-shift- colon (:) show hide fonts window. select desktop folder within open dialog save dialog. show hide definition select word. display spell grammar window. colon (:) command- semicolon (;) find misspell word document. option-delete delete word leave insertion point. control-h control-d fn-delete delete character leave insertion point. use delete. delete character right insertion point. use fn-delete. forward delete keyboards forward delete key. use control-d. control-k delete text insertion point end line paragraph. command-delete select delete save dialog contain delete save button. fn–up arrow page up: scroll one page. fn–down arrow page down: scroll one page. fn–left arrow home: scroll begin document. fn–right arrow end: scroll end document. command–up arrow command–down arrow command–left arrow command– right arrow option–left arrow option–right arrow move insertion point begin document. move insertion point end document. move insertion point begin current line. move insertion point end current line. move insertion point begin previous word. move insertion point end next word. command–shift– arrow select text insertion point begin document. command–shift– arrow select text insertion point end document. command–shift– leave arrow select text insertion point begin current line. command–shift– right arrow select text insertion point end current line. shift–up arrow extend text selection nearest character shift–up arrow extend text selection nearest character horizontal location line above. shift–down arrow extend text selection nearest character horizontal location line below. shift–left arrow extend text selection one character left. shift–right arrow extend text selection one character right. shift–option– arrow shift–option– arrow shift–option– leave arrow shift–option– right arrow extend text selection begin current paragraph, begin follow paragraph press again. extend text selection end current paragraph, end follow paragraph press again. extend text selection begin current word, begin follow word press again. extend text selection end current word, end follow word press again. control-a control-e control-f control-b control-l control-p control-n control-o control-t command– leave curly bracket ({) command– right curly bracke (}) command–shift– vertical bar (|) command-option- command-option- move begin line paragraph. move end line paragraph. move one character forward. move one character backward. center cursor selection visible area. move one line. move one line. insert new line insertion point. swap character behind insertion point character front insertion point. leave align. right align. center align. go search field. show hide toolbar app. command-option- copy style: copy format settings select item clipboard. command-option- paste style: apply copy style select item. command-option- paste style: apply copy style select item. command-shift- option-v paste match style: apply style surround content item paste within content. command-option- show hide inspector window. command-shift-p page setup: display window select document settings. command-shift-s display save dialog, duplicate current document. decrease size select item. command–shift– minus sign (-) command–shift– plus sign (+) increase size select item. command–equal sign (=) perform function. open help menu. command–shift– question mark ()"
136,Dropbox App configuration," 11:51 AM Wednesday, December 03, 2014  11:51 AM Wednesday, December 03, 2014","[72, 769, 72, 779]","[399, 401]","Dropbox App configuration Dropbox App configuration Dropbox App configuration Dropbox App configuration Dropbox App configuration Dropbox App configuration Dropbox App configuration Dropbox App configuration Dropbox App configuration Dropbox App configuration   11:51 AM Wednesday, December 03, 2014  11:51 AM Wednesday, December 03, 2014","dropbox app configuration dropbox app configuration dropbox app configuration dropbox app configuration dropbox app configuration dropbox app configuration dropbox app configuration dropbox app configuration dropbox app configuration dropbox app configuration 11:51 wednesday, december 03, 2014 11:51 wednesday, december 03, 2014","Dropbox App configuration Dropbox App configuration   11:51 AM Wednesday, December 03, 2014  11:51 AM Wednesday, December 03, 2014","dropbox app configuration dropbox app configuration 11:51 wednesday, december 03, 2014 11:51 wednesday, december 03, 2014"
137,Dropbox fix," Monday, December 14, 2015 1:03 PM The dropbox preferences are in a hidden directory (.dropbox) in your home folder. Delete that and it should start up as it  would with a clean install. To do this: Open terminal run 'sudo rm -r .dropbox' enter your password 1. 2. 3. That *should* sort it.  If DropBox is not connecting in the DropBox network settings set the proxy to proxy.gmaccm.com  and use port 8080    ","[57, 0, 189, 779]",[567],"Dropbox fix Dropbox fix Dropbox fix Dropbox fix Dropbox fix Dropbox fix Dropbox fix Dropbox fix Dropbox fix Dropbox fix   Monday, December 14, 2015 1:03 PM The dropbox preferences are in a hidden directory (.dropbox) in your home folder. Delete that and it should start up as it  would with a clean install. To do this: Open terminal run 'sudo rm -r .dropbox' enter your password 1. 2. 3. That *should* sort it.  If DropBox is not connecting in the DropBox network settings set the proxy to proxy.gmaccm.com  and use port 8080    ","dropbox fix dropbox fix dropbox fix dropbox fix dropbox fix dropbox fix dropbox fix dropbox fix dropbox fix dropbox fix monday, december 14, 2015 1:03 pm dropbox preferences hide directory (.dropbox) home folder. delete start would clean install. this: open terminal run 'sudo rm -r .dropbox' enter password 1. 2. 3. *should* sort it. dropbox connect dropbox network settings set proxy proxy.gmaccm.com use port 8080","Dropbox fix Dropbox fix   Monday, December 14, 2015 1:03 PM The dropbox preferences are in a hidden directory (.dropbox) in your home folder. Delete that and it should start up as it  would with a clean install. To do this: Open terminal run 'sudo rm -r .dropbox' enter your password 1. 2. 3. That *should* sort it.  If DropBox is not connecting in the DropBox network settings set the proxy to proxy.gmaccm.com  and use port 8080    ","dropbox fix dropbox fix monday, december 14, 2015 1:03 pm dropbox preferences hide directory (.dropbox) home folder. delete start would clean install. this: open terminal run 'sudo rm -r .dropbox' enter password 1. 2. 3. *should* sort it. dropbox connect dropbox network settings set proxy proxy.gmaccm.com use port 8080"
138,Dynamic Dist List," Friday, June 15, 2018 8:29 AM  Friday, June 15, 2018 8:29 AM              ","[62, 2, 62, 779]","[706, 708]","Dynamic Dist List Dynamic Dist List Dynamic Dist List Dynamic Dist List Dynamic Dist List Dynamic Dist List Dynamic Dist List Dynamic Dist List Dynamic Dist List Dynamic Dist List   Friday, June 15, 2018 8:29 AM  Friday, June 15, 2018 8:29 AM              ","dynamic dist list dynamic dist list dynamic dist list dynamic dist list dynamic dist list dynamic dist list dynamic dist list dynamic dist list dynamic dist list dynamic dist list friday, june 15, 2018 8:29 friday, june 15, 2018 8:29","Dynamic Dist List Dynamic Dist List   Friday, June 15, 2018 8:29 AM  Friday, June 15, 2018 8:29 AM              ","dynamic dist list dynamic dist list friday, june 15, 2018 8:29 friday, june 15, 2018 8:29"
139,Easi Query ODBC configuration," Wednesday, January 04, 2017 2:45 PM If a user encounters issues with EASI query and starts having to select a connection string it’s most likely  due the ODBC connection that it requires being under the 64 bit ODBC settings instead of the 32 bit.  In order to tell whether the connection is set up correctly click on Start. In the search bar just above  Start type ODBC and wait for the list to populate. There should be two entries under program files,  ODBC Administration and ODBC Administration (64 bit). Click on ODBC Administration to bring up the  admin window. The next window will display all the ODBC connections. Click on System DSN to display the Strategy  connections.      If Strategy CS 12B isn’t listed, you’ll need to create it. If the user you’re assisting has admin rights, you  can click add and use the screen shots below for the tabs requiring changes.  If the user does not have admin rights to create this you would need to pass these instructions  over to the Helpdesk so they can use their admin rights to create the connection.                   ","[62, 2, 62, 779]","[412, 416]","Easi Query ODBC configuration Easi Query ODBC configuration Easi Query ODBC configuration Easi Query ODBC configuration Easi Query ODBC configuration Easi Query ODBC configuration Easi Query ODBC configuration Easi Query ODBC configuration Easi Query ODBC configuration Easi Query ODBC configuration   Wednesday, January 04, 2017 2:45 PM If a user encounters issues with EASI query and starts having to select a connection string it’s most likely  due the ODBC connection that it requires being under the 64 bit ODBC settings instead of the 32 bit.  In order to tell whether the connection is set up correctly click on Start. In the search bar just above  Start type ODBC and wait for the list to populate. There should be two entries under program files,  ODBC Administration and ODBC Administration (64 bit). Click on ODBC Administration to bring up the  admin window. The next window will display all the ODBC connections. Click on System DSN to display the Strategy  connections.      If Strategy CS 12B isn’t listed, you’ll need to create it. If the user you’re assisting has admin rights, you  can click add and use the screen shots below for the tabs requiring changes.  If the user does not have admin rights to create this you would need to pass these instructions  over to the Helpdesk so they can use their admin rights to create the connection.                   ","easi query odbc configuration easi query odbc configuration easi query odbc configuration easi query odbc configuration easi query odbc configuration easi query odbc configuration easi query odbc configuration easi query odbc configuration easi query odbc configuration easi query odbc configuration wednesday, january 04, 2017 2:45 pm user encounter issue easi query start select connection string it’s likely due odbc connection require 64 bite odbc settings instead 32 bit. order tell whether connection set correctly click start. search bar start type odbc wait list populate. two entries program files, odbc administration odbc administration (64 bit). click odbc administration bring admin window. next window display odbc connections. click system dsn display strategy connections. strategy cs 12b isn’t listed, you’ll need create it. user you’re assist admin rights, click add use screen shots tabs require changes. user admin right create would need pass instructions helpdesk use admin right create connection.","Easi Query ODBC configuration Easi Query ODBC configuration   Wednesday, January 04, 2017 2:45 PM If a user encounters issues with EASI query and starts having to select a connection string it’s most likely  due the ODBC connection that it requires being under the 64 bit ODBC settings instead of the 32 bit.  In order to tell whether the connection is set up correctly click on Start. In the search bar just above  Start type ODBC and wait for the list to populate. There should be two entries under program files,  ODBC Administration and ODBC Administration (64 bit). Click on ODBC Administration to bring up the  admin window. The next window will display all the ODBC connections. Click on System DSN to display the Strategy  connections.      If Strategy CS 12B isn’t listed, you’ll need to create it. If the user you’re assisting has admin rights, you  can click add and use the screen shots below for the tabs requiring changes.  If the user does not have admin rights to create this you would need to pass these instructions  over to the Helpdesk so they can use their admin rights to create the connection.                   ","easi query odbc configuration easi query odbc configuration wednesday, january 04, 2017 2:45 pm user encounter issue easi query start select connection string it’s likely due odbc connection require 64 bite odbc settings instead 32 bit. order tell whether connection set correctly click start. search bar start type odbc wait list populate. two entries program files, odbc administration odbc administration (64 bit). click odbc administration bring admin window. next window display odbc connections. click system dsn display strategy connections. strategy cs 12b isn’t listed, you’ll need create it. user you’re assist admin rights, click add use screen shots tabs require changes. user admin right create would need pass instructions helpdesk use admin right create connection."
140,Ed Zimbler," Sunday, June 26, 2016 3:48 PM 2 x HP EliteDisplay E221 1 x HP Ultraslim docking station 1 x HP 9480m laptop HP wireless keyboard & mouse combo Cisco 7975 phone    ","[68, 1, 154, 777]",[954],"Ed Zimbler Ed Zimbler Ed Zimbler Ed Zimbler Ed Zimbler Ed Zimbler Ed Zimbler Ed Zimbler Ed Zimbler Ed Zimbler   Sunday, June 26, 2016 3:48 PM 2 x HP EliteDisplay E221 1 x HP Ultraslim docking station 1 x HP 9480m laptop HP wireless keyboard & mouse combo Cisco 7975 phone    ","ed zimbler ed zimbler ed zimbler ed zimbler ed zimbler ed zimbler ed zimbler ed zimbler ed zimbler ed zimbler sunday, june 26, 2016 3:48 pm 2 x hp elitedisplay e221 1 x hp ultraslim dock station 1 x hp 9480m laptop hp wireless keyboard & mouse combo cisco 7975 phone","Ed Zimbler Ed Zimbler   Sunday, June 26, 2016 3:48 PM 2 x HP EliteDisplay E221 1 x HP Ultraslim docking station 1 x HP 9480m laptop HP wireless keyboard & mouse combo Cisco 7975 phone    ","ed zimbler ed zimbler sunday, june 26, 2016 3:48 pm 2 x hp elitedisplay e221 1 x hp ultraslim dock station 1 x hp 9480m laptop hp wireless keyboard & mouse combo cisco 7975 phone"
141,Eileen McCormick," Sunday, June 26, 2016 3:49 PM 1 x HP EliteDisplay E221 1 x HP 1740 4:3 monitor 1 x HP slim docking station 1 x HP 9480m laptop HP wireless keyboard & mouse combo Cisco 7965 phone with sidecar         ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[955, 956]","Eileen McCormick Eileen McCormick Eileen McCormick Eileen McCormick Eileen McCormick Eileen McCormick Eileen McCormick Eileen McCormick Eileen McCormick Eileen McCormick   Sunday, June 26, 2016 3:49 PM 1 x HP EliteDisplay E221 1 x HP 1740 4:3 monitor 1 x HP slim docking station 1 x HP 9480m laptop HP wireless keyboard & mouse combo Cisco 7965 phone with sidecar         ","eileen mccormick eileen mccormick eileen mccormick eileen mccormick eileen mccormick eileen mccormick eileen mccormick eileen mccormick eileen mccormick eileen mccormick sunday, june 26, 2016 3:49 pm 1 x hp elitedisplay e221 1 x hp 1740 4:3 monitor 1 x hp slim dock station 1 x hp 9480m laptop hp wireless keyboard & mouse combo cisco 7965 phone sidecar","Eileen McCormick Eileen McCormick   Sunday, June 26, 2016 3:49 PM 1 x HP EliteDisplay E221 1 x HP 1740 4:3 monitor 1 x HP slim docking station 1 x HP 9480m laptop HP wireless keyboard & mouse combo Cisco 7965 phone with sidecar         ","eileen mccormick eileen mccormick sunday, june 26, 2016 3:49 pm 1 x hp elitedisplay e221 1 x hp 1740 4:3 monitor 1 x hp slim dock station 1 x hp 9480m laptop hp wireless keyboard & mouse combo cisco 7965 phone sidecar"
142,El Capitan," Tuesday, December 08, 2015 9:58 AM 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7.","[55, 529, 244, 779]",[652],"El Capitan El Capitan El Capitan El Capitan El Capitan El Capitan El Capitan El Capitan El Capitan El Capitan   Tuesday, December 08, 2015 9:58 AM 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7.","el capitan el capitan el capitan el capitan el capitan el capitan el capitan el capitan el capitan el capitan tuesday, december 08, 2015 9:58 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7.","El Capitan El Capitan   Tuesday, December 08, 2015 9:58 AM 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7.","el capitan el capitan tuesday, december 08, 2015 9:58 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7."
143,EliteDisplay E223," Friday, December 8, 2017 2:01 PM E223 QuickSpecs E223 User Guide      EliteDisplay E222 Friday, August 5, 2016 3:41 PM User guide HP EliteDispl...    ","[50, 5, 59, 781]","[1289, 1290]","EliteDisplay E223 EliteDisplay E223 EliteDisplay E223 EliteDisplay E223 EliteDisplay E223 EliteDisplay E223 EliteDisplay E223 EliteDisplay E223 EliteDisplay E223 EliteDisplay E223   Friday, December 8, 2017 2:01 PM E223 QuickSpecs E223 User Guide      EliteDisplay E222 Friday, August 5, 2016 3:41 PM User guide HP EliteDispl...    ","elitedisplay e223 elitedisplay e223 elitedisplay e223 elitedisplay e223 elitedisplay e223 elitedisplay e223 elitedisplay e223 elitedisplay e223 elitedisplay e223 elitedisplay e223 friday, december 8, 2017 2:01 pm e223 quickspecs e223 user guide elitedisplay e222 friday, august 5, 2016 3:41 pm user guide hp elitedispl...","EliteDisplay E223 EliteDisplay E223   Friday, December 8, 2017 2:01 PM E223 QuickSpecs E223 User Guide      EliteDisplay E222 Friday, August 5, 2016 3:41 PM User guide HP EliteDispl...    ","elitedisplay e223 elitedisplay e223 friday, december 8, 2017 2:01 pm e223 quickspecs e223 user guide elitedisplay e222 friday, august 5, 2016 3:41 pm user guide hp elitedispl..."
144,Email/Mobione Wifi," Monday, March 21, 2016 2:15 PM Before attempting to configure any Android device for Berkadia email, or Mobione wifi,   please ensure that the user has completed this Opt In form:  https://my.berkadia.com/Corporate/IT/Pages/BYOD_is_Here.aspx This opt in form adds the user to the ""MobileIron Users"" security group within AD. Typically  once the Opt-In form is completed, the user will have the ability to register devices within 2  hours. In many cases, less than 30 minutes. Unlike IOS devices, Androids require using a non-native app for email with Mobileiron. To  configure an Android you’ll need to have the user go to the Play Store on their device and  search for:                                      Mobileiron                                                                     rw      Select each app and then select install. Depending on network speed this can take several  minutes. Once installed DO NOT OPEN TOUCHDOWN as Mobileiron will configure it during  setup.  Launch the Mobileiron app and select “or register with server URL.” Enter  mdm.berkadia.com as the server URL and tap next.      This will take you through several additional menus where you will need to select continue,  type your username and password, then tap next      Within a couple of minutes you should see a notification to activate device administrator.  Select continue and activate when prompted. Then an “OK!” screen similar to the one below  should pop up.           At this point you’ll need to login here with your adm account to assist the user further:  https://mdm.berkadia.com/mifs/login.jsp It will take you here: Select Devices and Users-> Devices, then type the name or username of the user you are  looking for in the red box as shown.       Click the box to the left of the appropriate name/device and then select actions-> apply to  label.  Ensure that the desired features/labels are selected for Email and Mobione Wifi. Check the  box once again next to the appropriate device and from that same actions menu, select ->  force device check-in. This process can take anywhere from a few seconds to 5 minutes to complete. You can  continue to click the search button which will refresh the page. Once you see the “last  check-in” field reset and begin counting up again then you’ll know that the labels have  applied and the user can continue with setup on their device. The user will see this page pop up within Mobileiron usually within a minute or so. Select       The user will see this page pop up within Mobileiron usually within a minute or so. Select  continue, enter your network password, then select continue on the next page as well. You’ll then have to accept a couple of license agreements.      You’ll then see an initializing account message, once again, depending on signal and network  speed this can take a couple of minutes. Finally you’ll see Touchdown HD launch and display  the Today/Unread mail screen. You’ll probably want to disable the tablet mode for a more  uniform look. Tap the check box, select the back button on the phone twice (usually a soft  menu button to the right of the home button). Relaunch the app and it should begin  synching. Depending on the size of the mailbox this can take 10-15 minutes.           mobile You’ll see a thin green line showing mailbox sync progress moving from left to right near the  bottom.      MobileIron IOS Configuration Monday, April 04, 2016 Before attempting to configure any IOS device for Berkadia email, or Mobione , please ensure that the user has completed this Opt-In form:                                      https://my.berkadia.com/Corporate/IT/Pages/BYOrD_is_Here.aspx This opt in form adds the user to the ""MobileIron Users"" security group within AD. Typically once the Opt-In form is completed, the user will have the ability to register devices within 2  hours. In many cases, less than 30 minutes.        Open the app store on the iPad or iPhone Search for Mobileiron    Select Mobile@Work client then Free/Install          Once downloaded, open Mobileiron app      Keep in mind that if you’ve previously downloaded Mobileiron previously then you may see a picture of a “cloud” as the download symbol rather than “Free” or “Install.” Once selected it  may take several minutes to complete.     Enter username, server address and password                            Read and select continue      You’ll need to select next after entering username, server address (mdm.berkadia.com) and network password fields.            Enable location services (preferred)                              Enter device lock code (pin)      Select install on all prompts presented.                                      Select done                                           Open mail, type in current password, select ok      Once you select done, a new Safari tab will open and display a blank web page. At that point you can close Safari and open the Mail app. Within a minute or so the user should be  prompted for their current network password. Once entered, it will take a few minutes for the first emails to begin arriving. Total sync time varies depending on amount of data and size of  mailbox.    ","[46, 6, 72, 645]","[35, 51]","Email/Mobione Wifi Email/Mobione Wifi Email/Mobione Wifi Email/Mobione Wifi Email/Mobione Wifi Email/Mobione Wifi Email/Mobione Wifi Email/Mobione Wifi Email/Mobione Wifi Email/Mobione Wifi   Monday, March 21, 2016 2:15 PM Before attempting to configure any Android device for Berkadia email, or Mobione wifi,   please ensure that the user has completed this Opt In form:  https://my.berkadia.com/Corporate/IT/Pages/BYOD_is_Here.aspx This opt in form adds the user to the ""MobileIron Users"" security group within AD. Typically  once the Opt-In form is completed, the user will have the ability to register devices within 2  hours. In many cases, less than 30 minutes. Unlike IOS devices, Androids require using a non-native app for email with Mobileiron. To  configure an Android you’ll need to have the user go to the Play Store on their device and  search for:                                      Mobileiron                                                                     rw      Select each app and then select install. Depending on network speed this can take several  minutes. Once installed DO NOT OPEN TOUCHDOWN as Mobileiron will configure it during  setup.  Launch the Mobileiron app and select “or register with server URL.” Enter  mdm.berkadia.com as the server URL and tap next.      This will take you through several additional menus where you will need to select continue,  type your username and password, then tap next      Within a couple of minutes you should see a notification to activate device administrator.  Select continue and activate when prompted. Then an “OK!” screen similar to the one below  should pop up.           At this point you’ll need to login here with your adm account to assist the user further:  https://mdm.berkadia.com/mifs/login.jsp It will take you here: Select Devices and Users-> Devices, then type the name or username of the user you are  looking for in the red box as shown.       Click the box to the left of the appropriate name/device and then select actions-> apply to  label.  Ensure that the desired features/labels are selected for Email and Mobione Wifi. Check the  box once again next to the appropriate device and from that same actions menu, select ->  force device check-in. This process can take anywhere from a few seconds to 5 minutes to complete. You can  continue to click the search button which will refresh the page. Once you see the “last  check-in” field reset and begin counting up again then you’ll know that the labels have  applied and the user can continue with setup on their device. The user will see this page pop up within Mobileiron usually within a minute or so. Select       The user will see this page pop up within Mobileiron usually within a minute or so. Select  continue, enter your network password, then select continue on the next page as well. You’ll then have to accept a couple of license agreements.      You’ll then see an initializing account message, once again, depending on signal and network  speed this can take a couple of minutes. Finally you’ll see Touchdown HD launch and display  the Today/Unread mail screen. You’ll probably want to disable the tablet mode for a more  uniform look. Tap the check box, select the back button on the phone twice (usually a soft  menu button to the right of the home button). Relaunch the app and it should begin  synching. Depending on the size of the mailbox this can take 10-15 minutes.           mobile You’ll see a thin green line showing mailbox sync progress moving from left to right near the  bottom.      MobileIron IOS Configuration Monday, April 04, 2016 Before attempting to configure any IOS device for Berkadia email, or Mobione , please ensure that the user has completed this Opt-In form:                                      https://my.berkadia.com/Corporate/IT/Pages/BYOrD_is_Here.aspx This opt in form adds the user to the ""MobileIron Users"" security group within AD. Typically once the Opt-In form is completed, the user will have the ability to register devices within 2  hours. In many cases, less than 30 minutes.        Open the app store on the iPad or iPhone Search for Mobileiron    Select Mobile@Work client then Free/Install          Once downloaded, open Mobileiron app      Keep in mind that if you’ve previously downloaded Mobileiron previously then you may see a picture of a “cloud” as the download symbol rather than “Free” or “Install.” Once selected it  may take several minutes to complete.     Enter username, server address and password                            Read and select continue      You’ll need to select next after entering username, server address (mdm.berkadia.com) and network password fields.            Enable location services (preferred)                              Enter device lock code (pin)      Select install on all prompts presented.                                      Select done                                           Open mail, type in current password, select ok      Once you select done, a new Safari tab will open and display a blank web page. At that point you can close Safari and open the Mail app. Within a minute or so the user should be  prompted for their current network password. Once entered, it will take a few minutes for the first emails to begin arriving. Total sync time varies depending on amount of data and size of  mailbox.    ","email/mobione wifi email/mobione wifi email/mobione wifi email/mobione wifi email/mobione wifi email/mobione wifi email/mobione wifi email/mobione wifi email/mobione wifi email/mobione wifi monday, march 21, 2016 2:15 pm attempt configure android device berkadia email, mobione wifi, please ensure user complete opt form: https://my.berkadia.com/corporate/it/pages/byod_is_here.aspx opt form add user ""mobileiron users"" security group within ad. typically opt-in form completed, user ability register devices within 2 hours. many cases, less 30 minutes. unlike ios devices, androids require use non-native app email mobileiron. configure android you’ll need user go play store device search for: mobileiron rw select app select install. depend network speed take several minutes. instal open touchdown mobileiron configure setup. launch mobileiron app select “or register server url.” enter mdm.berkadia.com server url tap next. take several additional menus need select continue, type username password, tap next within couple minutes see notification activate device administrator. select continue activate prompted. “ok!” screen similar one pop up. point you’ll need login adm account assist user further: https://mdm.berkadia.com/mifs/login.jsp take here: select devices users-> devices, type name username user look red box shown. click box leave appropriate name/device select actions-> apply label. ensure desire features/labels select email mobione wifi. check box next appropriate device action menu, select -> force device check-in. process take anywhere second 5 minutes complete. continue click search button refresh page. see “last check-in” field reset begin count you’ll know label apply user continue setup device. user see page pop within mobileiron usually within minute so. select user see page pop within mobileiron usually within minute so. select continue, enter network password, select continue next page well. you’ll accept couple license agreements. you’ll see initialize account message, again, depend signal network speed take couple minutes. finally you’ll see touchdown hd launch display today/unread mail screen. you’ll probably want disable tablet mode uniform look. tap check box, select back button phone twice (usually soft menu button right home button). relaunch app begin synching. depend size mailbox take 10-15 minutes. mobile you’ll see thin green line show mailbox sync progress move leave right near bottom. mobileiron ios configuration monday, april 04, 2016 attempt configure ios device berkadia email, mobione , please ensure user complete opt-in form: https://my.berkadia.com/corporate/it/pages/byord_is_here.aspx opt form add user ""mobileiron users"" security group within ad. typically opt-in form completed, user ability register devices within 2 hours. many cases, less 30 minutes. open app store ipad iphone search mobileiron select mobile@work client free/install downloaded, open mobileiron app keep mind you’ve previously download mobileiron previously may see picture “cloud” download symbol rather “free” “install.” select may take several minutes complete. enter username, server address password read select continue you’ll need select next enter username, server address (mdm.berkadia.com) network password fields. enable location service (preferred) enter device lock code (pin) select install prompt presented. select do open mail, type current password, select ok select done, new safari tab open display blank web page. point close safari open mail app. within minute user prompt current network password. entered, take minutes first email begin arriving. total sync time vary depend amount data size mailbox.","Email/Mobione Wifi Email/Mobione Wifi   Monday, March 21, 2016 2:15 PM Before attempting to configure any Android device for Berkadia email, or Mobione wifi,   please ensure that the user has completed this Opt In form:  https://my.berkadia.com/Corporate/IT/Pages/BYOD_is_Here.aspx This opt in form adds the user to the ""MobileIron Users"" security group within AD. Typically  once the Opt-In form is completed, the user will have the ability to register devices within 2  hours. In many cases, less than 30 minutes. Unlike IOS devices, Androids require using a non-native app for email with Mobileiron. To  configure an Android you’ll need to have the user go to the Play Store on their device and  search for:                                      Mobileiron                                                                     rw      Select each app and then select install. Depending on network speed this can take several  minutes. Once installed DO NOT OPEN TOUCHDOWN as Mobileiron will configure it during  setup.  Launch the Mobileiron app and select “or register with server URL.” Enter  mdm.berkadia.com as the server URL and tap next.      This will take you through several additional menus where you will need to select continue,  type your username and password, then tap next      Within a couple of minutes you should see a notification to activate device administrator.  Select continue and activate when prompted. Then an “OK!” screen similar to the one below  should pop up.           At this point you’ll need to login here with your adm account to assist the user further:  https://mdm.berkadia.com/mifs/login.jsp It will take you here: Select Devices and Users-> Devices, then type the name or username of the user you are  looking for in the red box as shown.       Click the box to the left of the appropriate name/device and then select actions-> apply to  label.  Ensure that the desired features/labels are selected for Email and Mobione Wifi. Check the  box once again next to the appropriate device and from that same actions menu, select ->  force device check-in. This process can take anywhere from a few seconds to 5 minutes to complete. You can  continue to click the search button which will refresh the page. Once you see the “last  check-in” field reset and begin counting up again then you’ll know that the labels have  applied and the user can continue with setup on their device. The user will see this page pop up within Mobileiron usually within a minute or so. Select       The user will see this page pop up within Mobileiron usually within a minute or so. Select  continue, enter your network password, then select continue on the next page as well. You’ll then have to accept a couple of license agreements.      You’ll then see an initializing account message, once again, depending on signal and network  speed this can take a couple of minutes. Finally you’ll see Touchdown HD launch and display  the Today/Unread mail screen. You’ll probably want to disable the tablet mode for a more  uniform look. Tap the check box, select the back button on the phone twice (usually a soft  menu button to the right of the home button). Relaunch the app and it should begin  synching. Depending on the size of the mailbox this can take 10-15 minutes.           mobile You’ll see a thin green line showing mailbox sync progress moving from left to right near the  bottom.      MobileIron IOS Configuration Monday, April 04, 2016 Before attempting to configure any IOS device for Berkadia email, or Mobione , please ensure that the user has completed this Opt-In form:                                      https://my.berkadia.com/Corporate/IT/Pages/BYOrD_is_Here.aspx This opt in form adds the user to the ""MobileIron Users"" security group within AD. Typically once the Opt-In form is completed, the user will have the ability to register devices within 2  hours. In many cases, less than 30 minutes.        Open the app store on the iPad or iPhone Search for Mobileiron    Select Mobile@Work client then Free/Install          Once downloaded, open Mobileiron app      Keep in mind that if you’ve previously downloaded Mobileiron previously then you may see a picture of a “cloud” as the download symbol rather than “Free” or “Install.” Once selected it  may take several minutes to complete.     Enter username, server address and password                            Read and select continue      You’ll need to select next after entering username, server address (mdm.berkadia.com) and network password fields.            Enable location services (preferred)                              Enter device lock code (pin)      Select install on all prompts presented.                                      Select done                                           Open mail, type in current password, select ok      Once you select done, a new Safari tab will open and display a blank web page. At that point you can close Safari and open the Mail app. Within a minute or so the user should be  prompted for their current network password. Once entered, it will take a few minutes for the first emails to begin arriving. Total sync time varies depending on amount of data and size of  mailbox.    ","email/mobione wifi email/mobione wifi monday, march 21, 2016 2:15 pm attempt configure android device berkadia email, mobione wifi, please ensure user complete opt form: https://my.berkadia.com/corporate/it/pages/byod_is_here.aspx opt form add user ""mobileiron users"" security group within ad. typically opt-in form completed, user ability register devices within 2 hours. many cases, less 30 minutes. unlike ios devices, androids require use non-native app email mobileiron. configure android you’ll need user go play store device search for: mobileiron rw select app select install. depend network speed take several minutes. instal open touchdown mobileiron configure setup. launch mobileiron app select “or register server url.” enter mdm.berkadia.com server url tap next. take several additional menus need select continue, type username password, tap next within couple minutes see notification activate device administrator. select continue activate prompted. “ok!” screen similar one pop up. point you’ll need login adm account assist user further: https://mdm.berkadia.com/mifs/login.jsp take here: select devices users-> devices, type name username user look red box shown. click box leave appropriate name/device select actions-> apply label. ensure desire features/labels select email mobione wifi. check box next appropriate device action menu, select -> force device check-in. process take anywhere second 5 minutes complete. continue click search button refresh page. see “last check-in” field reset begin count you’ll know label apply user continue setup device. user see page pop within mobileiron usually within minute so. select user see page pop within mobileiron usually within minute so. select continue, enter network password, select continue next page well. you’ll accept couple license agreements. you’ll see initialize account message, again, depend signal network speed take couple minutes. finally you’ll see touchdown hd launch display today/unread mail screen. you’ll probably want disable tablet mode uniform look. tap check box, select back button phone twice (usually soft menu button right home button). relaunch app begin synching. depend size mailbox take 10-15 minutes. mobile you’ll see thin green line show mailbox sync progress move leave right near bottom. mobileiron ios configuration monday, april 04, 2016 attempt configure ios device berkadia email, mobione , please ensure user complete opt-in form: https://my.berkadia.com/corporate/it/pages/byord_is_here.aspx opt form add user ""mobileiron users"" security group within ad. typically opt-in form completed, user ability register devices within 2 hours. many cases, less 30 minutes. open app store ipad iphone search mobileiron select mobile@work client free/install downloaded, open mobileiron app keep mind you’ve previously download mobileiron previously may see picture “cloud” download symbol rather “free” “install.” select may take several minutes complete. enter username, server address password read select continue you’ll need select next enter username, server address (mdm.berkadia.com) network password fields. enable location service (preferred) enter device lock code (pin) select install prompt presented. select do open mail, type current password, select ok select done, new safari tab open display blank web page. point close safari open mail app. within minute user prompt current network password. entered, take minutes first email begin arriving. total sync time vary depend amount data size mailbox."
145,Empty Content Cache," 12:04 PM Thursday, April 23, 2015 HOW TO EMPTY THE CONTACT CACHE (CONTACT AUTOFILL FUNCTION) 1. START | RUN | REGEDIT 2. HKEY_CURRENT_USER\ Software\ Microsoft\Office\X.0 \Outlook\Contact\QuickFindMRU  3. Select all entries on the right side and delete them  Close the Registry and restart Outlook.  BACK    ","[72, 0, 499, 779]",[347],"Empty Content Cache Empty Content Cache Empty Content Cache Empty Content Cache Empty Content Cache Empty Content Cache Empty Content Cache Empty Content Cache Empty Content Cache Empty Content Cache   12:04 PM Thursday, April 23, 2015 HOW TO EMPTY THE CONTACT CACHE (CONTACT AUTOFILL FUNCTION) 1. START | RUN | REGEDIT 2. HKEY_CURRENT_USER\ Software\ Microsoft\Office\X.0 \Outlook\Contact\QuickFindMRU  3. Select all entries on the right side and delete them  Close the Registry and restart Outlook.  BACK    ","empty content cache empty content cache empty content cache empty content cache empty content cache empty content cache empty content cache empty content cache empty content cache empty content cache 12:04 pm thursday, april 23, 2015 empty contact cache (contact autofill function) 1. start | run | regedit 2. hkey_current_user\ software\ microsoft\office\x.0 \outlook\contact\quickfindmru 3. select entries right side delete close registry restart outlook. back","Empty Content Cache Empty Content Cache   12:04 PM Thursday, April 23, 2015 HOW TO EMPTY THE CONTACT CACHE (CONTACT AUTOFILL FUNCTION) 1. START | RUN | REGEDIT 2. HKEY_CURRENT_USER\ Software\ Microsoft\Office\X.0 \Outlook\Contact\QuickFindMRU  3. Select all entries on the right side and delete them  Close the Registry and restart Outlook.  BACK    ","empty content cache empty content cache 12:04 pm thursday, april 23, 2015 empty contact cache (contact autofill function) 1. start | run | regedit 2. hkey_current_user\ software\ microsoft\office\x.0 \outlook\contact\quickfindmru 3. select entries right side delete close registry restart outlook. back"
146,Enable Logging for ApproveIt," Monday, November 05, 2012 12:23 PM Browse to ""\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\Silanis_E-Sign_7_2_2\e-Sign Desktop 7.2.2 Beta"" Copy ""EnableADTLogging.reg"" locally to target machine.  Create ""Temp"" directory in C:\ if not there  already.  If exists, please clear any files called Conf.log, Office.log and office-dacengine.log by  deleting the files.  If you get an error that they are in use, close any Office Products and Internet  Explorer. Run the EnableADTLogging.reg file and accept to add/import the key.  Logging will now output to the  C:\Temp folder in three text files: office.log, conf.log and office-dacengine.log    ","[72, 0, 190, 779]",[388],"Enable Logging for ApproveIt Enable Logging for ApproveIt Enable Logging for ApproveIt Enable Logging for ApproveIt Enable Logging for ApproveIt Enable Logging for ApproveIt Enable Logging for ApproveIt Enable Logging for ApproveIt Enable Logging for ApproveIt Enable Logging for ApproveIt   Monday, November 05, 2012 12:23 PM Browse to ""\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\Silanis_E-Sign_7_2_2\e-Sign Desktop 7.2.2 Beta"" Copy ""EnableADTLogging.reg"" locally to target machine.  Create ""Temp"" directory in C:\ if not there  already.  If exists, please clear any files called Conf.log, Office.log and office-dacengine.log by  deleting the files.  If you get an error that they are in use, close any Office Products and Internet  Explorer. Run the EnableADTLogging.reg file and accept to add/import the key.  Logging will now output to the  C:\Temp folder in three text files: office.log, conf.log and office-dacengine.log    ","enable log approveit enable log approveit enable log approveit enable log approveit enable log approveit enable log approveit enable log approveit enable log approveit enable log approveit enable log approveit monday, november 05, 2012 12:23 pm browse ""\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\silanis_e-sign_7_2_2\e-sign desktop 7.2.2 beta"" copy ""enableadtlogging.reg"" locally target machine. create ""temp"" directory c:\ already. exists, please clear file call conf.log, office.log office-dacengine.log delete files. get error use, close office products internet explorer. run enableadtlogging.reg file accept add/import key. log output c:\temp folder three text files: office.log, conf.log office-dacengine.log","Enable Logging for ApproveIt Enable Logging for ApproveIt   Monday, November 05, 2012 12:23 PM Browse to ""\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\Silanis_E-Sign_7_2_2\e-Sign Desktop 7.2.2 Beta"" Copy ""EnableADTLogging.reg"" locally to target machine.  Create ""Temp"" directory in C:\ if not there  already.  If exists, please clear any files called Conf.log, Office.log and office-dacengine.log by  deleting the files.  If you get an error that they are in use, close any Office Products and Internet  Explorer. Run the EnableADTLogging.reg file and accept to add/import the key.  Logging will now output to the  C:\Temp folder in three text files: office.log, conf.log and office-dacengine.log    ","enable log approveit enable log approveit monday, november 05, 2012 12:23 pm browse ""\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\silanis_e-sign_7_2_2\e-sign desktop 7.2.2 beta"" copy ""enableadtlogging.reg"" locally target machine. create ""temp"" directory c:\ already. exists, please clear file call conf.log, office.log office-dacengine.log delete files. get error use, close office products internet explorer. run enableadtlogging.reg file accept add/import key. log output c:\temp folder three text files: office.log, conf.log office-dacengine.log"
147,Error 9:9," Thursday, February 22, 2018 1:48 PM https://helpx.adobe.com/acrobat/kb/error-acrobat-reader-running-cannot.html Typically this error means IE is trying to open the PDF file using the Adobe Reader add-on (which is  corrupted for w/e reason). Best and quickest solution I've found is to just go to IE add-on settings and disable Adobe Reader  then make sure that PDF files from the web are automatically opened in desktop Adobe Reader  instead.    ","[72, 0, 187, 775]",[471],"Error 9:9 Error 9:9 Error 9:9 Error 9:9 Error 9:9 Error 9:9 Error 9:9 Error 9:9 Error 9:9 Error 9:9   Thursday, February 22, 2018 1:48 PM https://helpx.adobe.com/acrobat/kb/error-acrobat-reader-running-cannot.html Typically this error means IE is trying to open the PDF file using the Adobe Reader add-on (which is  corrupted for w/e reason). Best and quickest solution I've found is to just go to IE add-on settings and disable Adobe Reader  then make sure that PDF files from the web are automatically opened in desktop Adobe Reader  instead.    ","error 9:9 error 9:9 error 9:9 error 9:9 error 9:9 error 9:9 error 9:9 error 9:9 error 9:9 error 9:9 thursday, february 22, 2018 1:48 pm https://helpx.adobe.com/acrobat/kb/error-acrobat-reader-running-cannot.html typically error mean ie try open pdf file use adobe reader add-on (which corrupt w/e reason). best quickest solution i've find go ie add-on settings disable adobe reader make sure pdf file web automatically open desktop adobe reader instead.","Error 9:9 Error 9:9   Thursday, February 22, 2018 1:48 PM https://helpx.adobe.com/acrobat/kb/error-acrobat-reader-running-cannot.html Typically this error means IE is trying to open the PDF file using the Adobe Reader add-on (which is  corrupted for w/e reason). Best and quickest solution I've found is to just go to IE add-on settings and disable Adobe Reader  then make sure that PDF files from the web are automatically opened in desktop Adobe Reader  instead.    ","error 9:9 error 9:9 thursday, february 22, 2018 1:48 pm https://helpx.adobe.com/acrobat/kb/error-acrobat-reader-running-cannot.html typically error mean ie try open pdf file use adobe reader add-on (which corrupt w/e reason). best quickest solution i've find go ie add-on settings disable adobe reader make sure pdf file web automatically open desktop adobe reader instead."
148,Error When Printing to PDF," Tuesday, January 9, 2018 11:53 AM  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 11:53 AM Users may receive the following error when attempting to print to pdf for various locations and/or  file extensions(minus individual file name): To resolve this error select Devices and Printers from the Windows Menu option or Search, Select  the PDF Printer, Select Printer Preferences, From the Adobe Printer Preferences tab remove the  check mark from “rely on system fonts/do not use system fonts”, Apply     ","[72, 0, 514, 775]",[470],"Error When Printing to PDF Error When Printing to PDF Error When Printing to PDF Error When Printing to PDF Error When Printing to PDF Error When Printing to PDF Error When Printing to PDF Error When Printing to PDF Error When Printing to PDF Error When Printing to PDF   Tuesday, January 9, 2018 11:53 AM  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 11:53 AM Users may receive the following error when attempting to print to pdf for various locations and/or  file extensions(minus individual file name): To resolve this error select Devices and Printers from the Windows Menu option or Search, Select  the PDF Printer, Select Printer Preferences, From the Adobe Printer Preferences tab remove the  check mark from “rely on system fonts/do not use system fonts”, Apply     ","error print pdf error print pdf error print pdf error print pdf error print pdf error print pdf error print pdf error print pdf error print pdf error print pdf tuesday, january 9, 2018 11:53 tuesday, january 9, 2018 11:53 users may receive follow error attempt print pdf various locations and/or file extensions(minus individual file name): resolve error select devices printers windows menu option search, select pdf printer, select printer preferences, adobe printer preferences tab remove check mark “rely system fonts/do use system fonts”, apply","Error When Printing to PDF Error When Printing to PDF   Tuesday, January 9, 2018 11:53 AM  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 11:53 AM Users may receive the following error when attempting to print to pdf for various locations and/or  file extensions(minus individual file name): To resolve this error select Devices and Printers from the Windows Menu option or Search, Select  the PDF Printer, Select Printer Preferences, From the Adobe Printer Preferences tab remove the  check mark from “rely on system fonts/do not use system fonts”, Apply     ","error print pdf error print pdf tuesday, january 9, 2018 11:53 tuesday, january 9, 2018 11:53 users may receive follow error attempt print pdf various locations and/or file extensions(minus individual file name): resolve error select devices printers windows menu option search, select pdf printer, select printer preferences, adobe printer preferences tab remove check mark “rely system fonts/do use system fonts”, apply"
149,Evoko Panel Troubleshooting (Ambler)," Tuesday, April 10, 2018 3:16 PM If you happen to encounter reports of Evoko panel issues, the first step would be a powercycle. 1. Approach the Panel 2. Identify the torx screw underneath the panel, remove the screw.     3. 4. The Bottom of the panel can then be pulled about half an inch away from the wall. Lift the panel  upwards and remove the panel from the wall. Remove the ethernet cable (which also delivers power over ethernet). 5. Wait 60 seconds, plug ethernet cable back in. Re-hang panel on wall bracket. Screw in screw to      5. 6. Wait 60 seconds, plug ethernet cable back in. Re-hang panel on wall bracket. Screw in screw to  secure panel. Wait up to 10 minutes while the unit boots back up and completes startup tasks.    ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[1134, 1136]","Evoko Panel Troubleshooting (Ambler) Evoko Panel Troubleshooting (Ambler) Evoko Panel Troubleshooting (Ambler) Evoko Panel Troubleshooting (Ambler) Evoko Panel Troubleshooting (Ambler) Evoko Panel Troubleshooting (Ambler) Evoko Panel Troubleshooting (Ambler) Evoko Panel Troubleshooting (Ambler) Evoko Panel Troubleshooting (Ambler) Evoko Panel Troubleshooting (Ambler)   Tuesday, April 10, 2018 3:16 PM If you happen to encounter reports of Evoko panel issues, the first step would be a powercycle. 1. Approach the Panel 2. Identify the torx screw underneath the panel, remove the screw.     3. 4. The Bottom of the panel can then be pulled about half an inch away from the wall. Lift the panel  upwards and remove the panel from the wall. Remove the ethernet cable (which also delivers power over ethernet). 5. Wait 60 seconds, plug ethernet cable back in. Re-hang panel on wall bracket. Screw in screw to      5. 6. Wait 60 seconds, plug ethernet cable back in. Re-hang panel on wall bracket. Screw in screw to  secure panel. Wait up to 10 minutes while the unit boots back up and completes startup tasks.    ","evoko panel troubleshoot (ambler) evoko panel troubleshoot (ambler) evoko panel troubleshoot (ambler) evoko panel troubleshoot (ambler) evoko panel troubleshoot (ambler) evoko panel troubleshoot (ambler) evoko panel troubleshoot (ambler) evoko panel troubleshoot (ambler) evoko panel troubleshoot (ambler) evoko panel troubleshoot (ambler) tuesday, april 10, 2018 3:16 pm happen encounter report evoko panel issues, first step would powercycle. 1. approach panel 2. identify torx screw underneath panel, remove screw. 3. 4. bottom panel pull half inch away wall. lift panel upwards remove panel wall. remove ethernet cable (which also deliver power ethernet). 5. wait 60 seconds, plug ethernet cable back in. re-hang panel wall bracket. screw screw 5. 6. wait 60 seconds, plug ethernet cable back in. re-hang panel wall bracket. screw screw secure panel. wait 10 minutes unit boot back complete startup tasks.","Evoko Panel Troubleshooting (Ambler) Evoko Panel Troubleshooting (Ambler)   Tuesday, April 10, 2018 3:16 PM If you happen to encounter reports of Evoko panel issues, the first step would be a powercycle. 1. Approach the Panel 2. Identify the torx screw underneath the panel, remove the screw.     3. 4. The Bottom of the panel can then be pulled about half an inch away from the wall. Lift the panel  upwards and remove the panel from the wall. Remove the ethernet cable (which also delivers power over ethernet). 5. Wait 60 seconds, plug ethernet cable back in. Re-hang panel on wall bracket. Screw in screw to      5. 6. Wait 60 seconds, plug ethernet cable back in. Re-hang panel on wall bracket. Screw in screw to  secure panel. Wait up to 10 minutes while the unit boots back up and completes startup tasks.    ","evoko panel troubleshoot (ambler) evoko panel troubleshoot (ambler) tuesday, april 10, 2018 3:16 pm happen encounter report evoko panel issues, first step would powercycle. 1. approach panel 2. identify torx screw underneath panel, remove screw. 3. 4. bottom panel pull half inch away wall. lift panel upwards remove panel wall. remove ethernet cable (which also deliver power ethernet). 5. wait 60 seconds, plug ethernet cable back in. re-hang panel wall bracket. screw screw 5. 6. wait 60 seconds, plug ethernet cable back in. re-hang panel wall bracket. screw screw secure panel. wait 10 minutes unit boot back complete startup tasks."
150,Excel Macro Issue," Friday, November 18, 2016 1:03 PM","[72, 769, 235, 779]",[288],"Excel Macro Issue Excel Macro Issue Excel Macro Issue Excel Macro Issue Excel Macro Issue Excel Macro Issue Excel Macro Issue Excel Macro Issue Excel Macro Issue Excel Macro Issue   Friday, November 18, 2016 1:03 PM","excel macro issue excel macro issue excel macro issue excel macro issue excel macro issue excel macro issue excel macro issue excel macro issue excel macro issue excel macro issue friday, november 18, 2016 1:03 pm","Excel Macro Issue Excel Macro Issue   Friday, November 18, 2016 1:03 PM","excel macro issue excel macro issue friday, november 18, 2016 1:03 pm"
151,Excel Trust Center,"1. Open Excel and click the File tab. 2. Select the Options button.     3. Select Trust Center. 4. Select Trust Center Settings. 5. Choose Macro Settings, and ensure the “Enable all macros…” button is selected.      6. Choose ActiveX Settings and ensure the “Prompt me before enabling all controls…” button is  selected. 7. Choose Add-Ins and ensure that all the boxes are unchecked.     8. Click Ok on both windows to ensure the changes are made. Restart Excel and attempt to  access the files that had issues. If you continue to have issues, please feel free to contact the  HelpDesk (help.desk@berkadia.com, 1-888-975-4357) and inform them of the issues.      Export to Excel Thursday, March 29, 2018 8:38 AM Certain users like Wendy Catanzaro and Jason Kamienski work with New Loan Boarding and they  need to export data from IE to Excel. To add the context menu command for O365/Office 2016, run this registry file under the user's  profile: exportExcel For Office 2010 and older: http://www.winhelponline.com/blog/add-export-to-microsoft-excel-to-the-right-click-menu-in- internet-explorer/    ","[49, 5, 72, 686]","[288, 292]","Excel Trust Center Excel Trust Center Excel Trust Center Excel Trust Center Excel Trust Center Excel Trust Center Excel Trust Center Excel Trust Center Excel Trust Center Excel Trust Center  1. Open Excel and click the File tab. 2. Select the Options button.     3. Select Trust Center. 4. Select Trust Center Settings. 5. Choose Macro Settings, and ensure the “Enable all macros…” button is selected.      6. Choose ActiveX Settings and ensure the “Prompt me before enabling all controls…” button is  selected. 7. Choose Add-Ins and ensure that all the boxes are unchecked.     8. Click Ok on both windows to ensure the changes are made. Restart Excel and attempt to  access the files that had issues. If you continue to have issues, please feel free to contact the  HelpDesk (help.desk@berkadia.com, 1-888-975-4357) and inform them of the issues.      Export to Excel Thursday, March 29, 2018 8:38 AM Certain users like Wendy Catanzaro and Jason Kamienski work with New Loan Boarding and they  need to export data from IE to Excel. To add the context menu command for O365/Office 2016, run this registry file under the user's  profile: exportExcel For Office 2010 and older: http://www.winhelponline.com/blog/add-export-to-microsoft-excel-to-the-right-click-menu-in- internet-explorer/    ","excel trust center excel trust center excel trust center excel trust center excel trust center excel trust center excel trust center excel trust center excel trust center excel trust center 1. open excel click file tab. 2. select options button. 3. select trust center. 4. select trust center settings. 5. choose macro settings, ensure “enable macros…” button selected. 6. choose activex settings ensure “prompt enable controls…” button selected. 7. choose add-ins ensure box unchecked. 8. click ok windows ensure change made. restart excel attempt access file issues. continue issues, please feel free contact helpdesk (help.desk@berkadia.com, 1-888-975-4357) inform issues. export excel thursday, march 29, 2018 8:38 certain users like wendy catanzaro jason kamienski work new loan board need export data ie excel. add context menu command o365/office 2016, run registry file user's profile: exportexcel office 2010 older: http://www.winhelponline.com/blog/add-export-to-microsoft-excel-to-the-right-click-menu-in- internet-explorer/","Excel Trust Center Excel Trust Center  1. Open Excel and click the File tab. 2. Select the Options button.     3. Select Trust Center. 4. Select Trust Center Settings. 5. Choose Macro Settings, and ensure the “Enable all macros…” button is selected.      6. Choose ActiveX Settings and ensure the “Prompt me before enabling all controls…” button is  selected. 7. Choose Add-Ins and ensure that all the boxes are unchecked.     8. Click Ok on both windows to ensure the changes are made. Restart Excel and attempt to  access the files that had issues. If you continue to have issues, please feel free to contact the  HelpDesk (help.desk@berkadia.com, 1-888-975-4357) and inform them of the issues.      Export to Excel Thursday, March 29, 2018 8:38 AM Certain users like Wendy Catanzaro and Jason Kamienski work with New Loan Boarding and they  need to export data from IE to Excel. To add the context menu command for O365/Office 2016, run this registry file under the user's  profile: exportExcel For Office 2010 and older: http://www.winhelponline.com/blog/add-export-to-microsoft-excel-to-the-right-click-menu-in- internet-explorer/    ","excel trust center excel trust center 1. open excel click file tab. 2. select options button. 3. select trust center. 4. select trust center settings. 5. choose macro settings, ensure “enable macros…” button selected. 6. choose activex settings ensure “prompt enable controls…” button selected. 7. choose add-ins ensure box unchecked. 8. click ok windows ensure change made. restart excel attempt access file issues. continue issues, please feel free contact helpdesk (help.desk@berkadia.com, 1-888-975-4357) inform issues. export excel thursday, march 29, 2018 8:38 certain users like wendy catanzaro jason kamienski work new loan board need export data ie excel. add context menu command o365/office 2016, run registry file user's profile: exportexcel office 2010 older: http://www.winhelponline.com/blog/add-export-to-microsoft-excel-to-the-right-click-menu-in- internet-explorer/"
152,Excel/Word Crashing," Tuesday, February 20, 2018 8:10 AM Excel/Word restarting when closed - Open any Office 365 product, click file->Office Account->Check  Version. Excel/Word crashing – Check installed add-ins, add-ins such as Hyland onbase should be removed.    ","[72, 0, 183, 775]",[245],"Excel/Word Crashing Excel/Word Crashing Excel/Word Crashing Excel/Word Crashing Excel/Word Crashing Excel/Word Crashing Excel/Word Crashing Excel/Word Crashing Excel/Word Crashing Excel/Word Crashing   Tuesday, February 20, 2018 8:10 AM Excel/Word restarting when closed - Open any Office 365 product, click file->Office Account->Check  Version. Excel/Word crashing – Check installed add-ins, add-ins such as Hyland onbase should be removed.    ","excel/word crash excel/word crash excel/word crash excel/word crash excel/word crash excel/word crash excel/word crash excel/word crash excel/word crash excel/word crash tuesday, february 20, 2018 8:10 excel/word restart close - open office 365 product, click file->office account->check version. excel/word crash – check instal add-ins, add-ins hyland onbase removed.","Excel/Word Crashing Excel/Word Crashing   Tuesday, February 20, 2018 8:10 AM Excel/Word restarting when closed - Open any Office 365 product, click file->Office Account->Check  Version. Excel/Word crashing – Check installed add-ins, add-ins such as Hyland onbase should be removed.    ","excel/word crash excel/word crash tuesday, february 20, 2018 8:10 excel/word restart close - open office 365 product, click file->office account->check version. excel/word crash – check instal add-ins, add-ins hyland onbase removed."
153,Exchange 2010 Introduction," mercoledì 15 giugno 2016 10:10 This primer document is intended to help give you a heads up on basic tasks you can accomplish. For  the most part, you can accomplish a grand majority of this work via the Exchange Management  Console, ideally installed on your local machine. You can do this by installing the setup executable  located here \\gmaccm.com\wds\Applications\Exchange2010SP3 Here's a good tutorial on the process. http://exchangeserverpro.com/exchange-2010-install-management-tools/ Once installed, open the Exchange Management Console as your -adm account (ie right click on it  before opening it). From here, you will be able to see a vast array of tabs and other things related to  mail in the organization. For the most part, you will be mostly dealing with the Recipient  Configuration Section, which contains Mailbox, Distribution Groups, Mail Contacts, and Move  Requests. Most of these sections are self-explanatory, so I won't go too much into detail here but  the window should look as below. In the rest of this one-note there will be documentation on basic  tasks. If they aren't listed here, you can look them up online as well. I'm including a small section  with some of the basic tasks with powershell located at this link Powershell, as some tasks are easier  or cannot be accomplished via the shell such as Importing a PST to a mailbox.      Enabling an Archive Mailbox giovedì 16 giugno 2016 08:25 This is how to enable an archive mailbox. Because of the issue of balancing out archive mailboxes appropriately across the archive databases by size, I recommend you use PowerShell  for this task as a first option as the command will do it automatically. Powershell Commandlet 1. Add-ArchiveMailbox username How to Check (If you get an error message most likely it means that the user does not have an archive enabled. 2. Get-Mailbox username -archive    EMC Go to Recipient Configuration<>Mailbox and Right Click on the user and select enable archive 2. Once here, always make sure you select a specific mailbox database rather than automatic. This is because we have a series of databases for main mailboxes and for archives.  Any database with Archive in its name should be chosen, so Do not choose any database without Archive in its name.           How to Increase Storage Quotas mercoledì 15 giugno 2016 10:50 In the EMC, go to Recipient Configuration <>Mailbox and double click or right click on the user you wish to edit and select properties. In the Mailbox  Settings Tab, there you will see the storage quotas or archive quota. Click on whichever one you need to edit. In the storageQuotas Section, you most  likely will see something like this. All databases by default I believe should have 650 MB for mailboxes and 25 GB for Archives. As a general rule of thumb, our current mail policy is as such, when a user asks for a mailbox increase, first offer to enable an archive. If they are  having issues with their mailbox size after that, apply a more aggressive retention policy, (ie from the default 90 days to 60 or 30 days).  If they still  have issues after that, make a slight increase to the mailbox size, so instead of 650 mb, increase to 800, then 1 GB, etc.  To modify a user's quota, you can uncheck ""use mailbox database defaults"" to override the defaults and manually edit the entr ies as necessary.  If you leave an entry blank, the default will still be in effect. So for example, a user requests a mailbox increase to 2 GB. It would look like the box  on the far right. This means that the user will be notified at roughly 1.5 GB that their mailbox is getting full, and will pr ohibit them from sending  after the mailbox reaches 2 GB. Do NOT ever modify the Prohibit send and Receive, as users should always be able to receive e -mail and should  be encouraged to clean out their mailbox and the default is about 2 TB anyway. POWERSHELL COMMANDS Set individual mailbox limits Set-Mailbox username -IssueWarningQuota 750MB -ProhibitSendQuota 900MB -ProhibitSendReceiveQuota unlimited - UseDatabaseQuotaDefaults $false Set Archive Limits Set-Mailbox username -ArchiveWarningQuota 20GB -ArchiveQuota 25GB         ","[42, 7, 53, 783]","[298, 302]","Exchange 2010 Introduction Exchange 2010 Introduction Exchange 2010 Introduction Exchange 2010 Introduction Exchange 2010 Introduction Exchange 2010 Introduction Exchange 2010 Introduction Exchange 2010 Introduction Exchange 2010 Introduction Exchange 2010 Introduction   mercoledì 15 giugno 2016 10:10 This primer document is intended to help give you a heads up on basic tasks you can accomplish. For  the most part, you can accomplish a grand majority of this work via the Exchange Management  Console, ideally installed on your local machine. You can do this by installing the setup executable  located here \\gmaccm.com\wds\Applications\Exchange2010SP3 Here's a good tutorial on the process. http://exchangeserverpro.com/exchange-2010-install-management-tools/ Once installed, open the Exchange Management Console as your -adm account (ie right click on it  before opening it). From here, you will be able to see a vast array of tabs and other things related to  mail in the organization. For the most part, you will be mostly dealing with the Recipient  Configuration Section, which contains Mailbox, Distribution Groups, Mail Contacts, and Move  Requests. Most of these sections are self-explanatory, so I won't go too much into detail here but  the window should look as below. In the rest of this one-note there will be documentation on basic  tasks. If they aren't listed here, you can look them up online as well. I'm including a small section  with some of the basic tasks with powershell located at this link Powershell, as some tasks are easier  or cannot be accomplished via the shell such as Importing a PST to a mailbox.      Enabling an Archive Mailbox giovedì 16 giugno 2016 08:25 This is how to enable an archive mailbox. Because of the issue of balancing out archive mailboxes appropriately across the archive databases by size, I recommend you use PowerShell  for this task as a first option as the command will do it automatically. Powershell Commandlet 1. Add-ArchiveMailbox username How to Check (If you get an error message most likely it means that the user does not have an archive enabled. 2. Get-Mailbox username -archive    EMC Go to Recipient Configuration<>Mailbox and Right Click on the user and select enable archive 2. Once here, always make sure you select a specific mailbox database rather than automatic. This is because we have a series of databases for main mailboxes and for archives.  Any database with Archive in its name should be chosen, so Do not choose any database without Archive in its name.           How to Increase Storage Quotas mercoledì 15 giugno 2016 10:50 In the EMC, go to Recipient Configuration <>Mailbox and double click or right click on the user you wish to edit and select properties. In the Mailbox  Settings Tab, there you will see the storage quotas or archive quota. Click on whichever one you need to edit. In the storageQuotas Section, you most  likely will see something like this. All databases by default I believe should have 650 MB for mailboxes and 25 GB for Archives. As a general rule of thumb, our current mail policy is as such, when a user asks for a mailbox increase, first offer to enable an archive. If they are  having issues with their mailbox size after that, apply a more aggressive retention policy, (ie from the default 90 days to 60 or 30 days).  If they still  have issues after that, make a slight increase to the mailbox size, so instead of 650 mb, increase to 800, then 1 GB, etc.  To modify a user's quota, you can uncheck ""use mailbox database defaults"" to override the defaults and manually edit the entr ies as necessary.  If you leave an entry blank, the default will still be in effect. So for example, a user requests a mailbox increase to 2 GB. It would look like the box  on the far right. This means that the user will be notified at roughly 1.5 GB that their mailbox is getting full, and will pr ohibit them from sending  after the mailbox reaches 2 GB. Do NOT ever modify the Prohibit send and Receive, as users should always be able to receive e -mail and should  be encouraged to clean out their mailbox and the default is about 2 TB anyway. POWERSHELL COMMANDS Set individual mailbox limits Set-Mailbox username -IssueWarningQuota 750MB -ProhibitSendQuota 900MB -ProhibitSendReceiveQuota unlimited - UseDatabaseQuotaDefaults $false Set Archive Limits Set-Mailbox username -ArchiveWarningQuota 20GB -ArchiveQuota 25GB         ","exchange 2010 introduction exchange 2010 introduction exchange 2010 introduction exchange 2010 introduction exchange 2010 introduction exchange 2010 introduction exchange 2010 introduction exchange 2010 introduction exchange 2010 introduction exchange 2010 introduction mercoledì 15 giugno 2016 10:10 primer document intend help give head basic task accomplish. part, accomplish grand majority work via exchange management console, ideally instal local machine. instal setup executable locate \\gmaccm.com\wds\applications\exchange2010sp3 here's good tutorial process. http://exchangeserverpro.com/exchange-2010-install-management-tools/ installed, open exchange management console -adm account (ie right click open it). here, able see vast array tabs things relate mail organization. part, mostly deal recipient configuration section, contain mailbox, distribution groups, mail contacts, move requests. section self-explanatory, go much detail window look below. rest one-note documentation basic tasks. list here, look online well. i'm include small section basic task powershell locate link powershell, task easier cannot accomplish via shell import pst mailbox. enable archive mailbox giovedì 16 giugno 2016 08:25 enable archive mailbox. issue balance archive mailboxes appropriately across archive databases size, recommend use powershell task first option command automatically. powershell commandlet 1. add-archivemailbox username check (if get error message likely mean user archive enabled. 2. get-mailbox username -archive emc go recipient configuration<>mailbox right click user select enable archive 2. here, always make sure select specific mailbox database rather automatic. series databases main mailboxes archives. database archive name chosen, choose database without archive name. increase storage quotas mercoledì 15 giugno 2016 10:50 emc, go recipient configuration <>mailbox double click right click user wish edit select properties. mailbox settings tab, see storage quotas archive quota. click whichever one need edit. storagequotas section, likely see something like this. databases default believe 650 mb mailboxes 25 gb archives. general rule thumb, current mail policy such, user ask mailbox increase, first offer enable archive. issue mailbox size that, apply aggressive retention policy, (ie default 90 days 60 30 days). still issue that, make slight increase mailbox size, instead 650 mb, increase 800, 1 gb, etc. modify user's quota, uncheck ""use mailbox database defaults"" override default manually edit entr ies necessary. leave entry blank, default still effect. example, user request mailbox increase 2 gb. would look like box far right. mean user notify roughly 1.5 gb mailbox get full, pr ohibit send mailbox reach 2 gb. ever modify prohibit send receive, users always able receive e -mail encourage clean mailbox default 2 tb anyway. powershell command set individual mailbox limit set-mailbox username -issuewarningquota 750mb -prohibitsendquota 900mb -prohibitsendreceivequota unlimited - usedatabasequotadefaults $false set archive limit set-mailbox username -archivewarningquota 20gb -archivequota 25gb","Exchange 2010 Introduction Exchange 2010 Introduction   mercoledì 15 giugno 2016 10:10 This primer document is intended to help give you a heads up on basic tasks you can accomplish. For  the most part, you can accomplish a grand majority of this work via the Exchange Management  Console, ideally installed on your local machine. You can do this by installing the setup executable  located here \\gmaccm.com\wds\Applications\Exchange2010SP3 Here's a good tutorial on the process. http://exchangeserverpro.com/exchange-2010-install-management-tools/ Once installed, open the Exchange Management Console as your -adm account (ie right click on it  before opening it). From here, you will be able to see a vast array of tabs and other things related to  mail in the organization. For the most part, you will be mostly dealing with the Recipient  Configuration Section, which contains Mailbox, Distribution Groups, Mail Contacts, and Move  Requests. Most of these sections are self-explanatory, so I won't go too much into detail here but  the window should look as below. In the rest of this one-note there will be documentation on basic  tasks. If they aren't listed here, you can look them up online as well. I'm including a small section  with some of the basic tasks with powershell located at this link Powershell, as some tasks are easier  or cannot be accomplished via the shell such as Importing a PST to a mailbox.      Enabling an Archive Mailbox giovedì 16 giugno 2016 08:25 This is how to enable an archive mailbox. Because of the issue of balancing out archive mailboxes appropriately across the archive databases by size, I recommend you use PowerShell  for this task as a first option as the command will do it automatically. Powershell Commandlet 1. Add-ArchiveMailbox username How to Check (If you get an error message most likely it means that the user does not have an archive enabled. 2. Get-Mailbox username -archive    EMC Go to Recipient Configuration<>Mailbox and Right Click on the user and select enable archive 2. Once here, always make sure you select a specific mailbox database rather than automatic. This is because we have a series of databases for main mailboxes and for archives.  Any database with Archive in its name should be chosen, so Do not choose any database without Archive in its name.           How to Increase Storage Quotas mercoledì 15 giugno 2016 10:50 In the EMC, go to Recipient Configuration <>Mailbox and double click or right click on the user you wish to edit and select properties. In the Mailbox  Settings Tab, there you will see the storage quotas or archive quota. Click on whichever one you need to edit. In the storageQuotas Section, you most  likely will see something like this. All databases by default I believe should have 650 MB for mailboxes and 25 GB for Archives. As a general rule of thumb, our current mail policy is as such, when a user asks for a mailbox increase, first offer to enable an archive. If they are  having issues with their mailbox size after that, apply a more aggressive retention policy, (ie from the default 90 days to 60 or 30 days).  If they still  have issues after that, make a slight increase to the mailbox size, so instead of 650 mb, increase to 800, then 1 GB, etc.  To modify a user's quota, you can uncheck ""use mailbox database defaults"" to override the defaults and manually edit the entr ies as necessary.  If you leave an entry blank, the default will still be in effect. So for example, a user requests a mailbox increase to 2 GB. It would look like the box  on the far right. This means that the user will be notified at roughly 1.5 GB that their mailbox is getting full, and will pr ohibit them from sending  after the mailbox reaches 2 GB. Do NOT ever modify the Prohibit send and Receive, as users should always be able to receive e -mail and should  be encouraged to clean out their mailbox and the default is about 2 TB anyway. POWERSHELL COMMANDS Set individual mailbox limits Set-Mailbox username -IssueWarningQuota 750MB -ProhibitSendQuota 900MB -ProhibitSendReceiveQuota unlimited - UseDatabaseQuotaDefaults $false Set Archive Limits Set-Mailbox username -ArchiveWarningQuota 20GB -ArchiveQuota 25GB         ","exchange 2010 introduction exchange 2010 introduction mercoledì 15 giugno 2016 10:10 primer document intend help give head basic task accomplish. part, accomplish grand majority work via exchange management console, ideally instal local machine. instal setup executable locate \\gmaccm.com\wds\applications\exchange2010sp3 here's good tutorial process. http://exchangeserverpro.com/exchange-2010-install-management-tools/ installed, open exchange management console -adm account (ie right click open it). here, able see vast array tabs things relate mail organization. part, mostly deal recipient configuration section, contain mailbox, distribution groups, mail contacts, move requests. section self-explanatory, go much detail window look below. rest one-note documentation basic tasks. list here, look online well. i'm include small section basic task powershell locate link powershell, task easier cannot accomplish via shell import pst mailbox. enable archive mailbox giovedì 16 giugno 2016 08:25 enable archive mailbox. issue balance archive mailboxes appropriately across archive databases size, recommend use powershell task first option command automatically. powershell commandlet 1. add-archivemailbox username check (if get error message likely mean user archive enabled. 2. get-mailbox username -archive emc go recipient configuration<>mailbox right click user select enable archive 2. here, always make sure select specific mailbox database rather automatic. series databases main mailboxes archives. database archive name chosen, choose database without archive name. increase storage quotas mercoledì 15 giugno 2016 10:50 emc, go recipient configuration <>mailbox double click right click user wish edit select properties. mailbox settings tab, see storage quotas archive quota. click whichever one need edit. storagequotas section, likely see something like this. databases default believe 650 mb mailboxes 25 gb archives. general rule thumb, current mail policy such, user ask mailbox increase, first offer enable archive. issue mailbox size that, apply aggressive retention policy, (ie default 90 days 60 30 days). still issue that, make slight increase mailbox size, instead 650 mb, increase 800, 1 gb, etc. modify user's quota, uncheck ""use mailbox database defaults"" override default manually edit entr ies necessary. leave entry blank, default still effect. example, user request mailbox increase 2 gb. would look like box far right. mean user notify roughly 1.5 gb mailbox get full, pr ohibit send mailbox reach 2 gb. ever modify prohibit send receive, users always able receive e -mail encourage clean mailbox default 2 tb anyway. powershell command set individual mailbox limit set-mailbox username -issuewarningquota 750mb -prohibitsendquota 900mb -prohibitsendreceivequota unlimited - usedatabasequotadefaults $false set archive limit set-mailbox username -archivewarningquota 20gb -archivequota 25gb"
154,Exchange Online Overview," This document should help detail the differences between the on premise management from your  perspective. Exchange Online is roughly the equivalent to having Exchange 2016 but hosted in office 365.  Since  not all Berkadia users are migrated to office 365 at this time, we are currently in a hybrid  environment. This means that all of our Active Directory users are being synced from on premise to  the exchange online. So for all intents and purposes their AD information comes from our Domain  controllers on premise and their mailboxes are being hosted out in Exchange Online. Because of this  setup, we have a cross-realm setup, or two exchange organizations. The basic gist of having two  exchange realms is that there are certain limitations when managing or communicating across  exchange realms. Here are some major points that you should remember: New Users and Mailboxes: If the user is new, the mailbox must be created on premise and  then migrated to exchange online. If you are part of the mailbox creation process, make sure  to notify the server team when you do so we can cross-reference if the user is part of an office  that has been migrated to exchange online and act accordingly. Once the whole company is  migrated, this will likely apply to all new users and their mailboxes automatically. Passwords and AD information: All password resets and other AD user information changes  have to be made on premise before it is synced up to exchange online (The sync occurs  roughly every 30 mins). User logins when logging into office 365 should be their  username@berkadia.com. The typical place they will login will be https://portal.office.com if  they wish to access the office 365 portal. If the ADFS redirect asks them to enter their  credentials (typically when they are located not in the office), they should login as if they were  logging into their workstation (ie gmaccm\username as shown in the picture below)  Mailbox Delegation/Permissions: access to mailboxes will not work across realms unless its full access only. Send as, send on behalf permissions will not function unless the users are in  the same realm. IE, if User A in exchange online wants to share their individual mailbox to a  user on premise with send on behalf permissions, this will not work. Only full access is allowed  across realms. The same logic applies to shared mailboxes and users across realms, if the user  is on exchange online and wants to send as from a shared mailbox located on prem, this is not  going to work until the mailbox is in the same realm as the user. Full access is not going to give  that permission either. Mailbox Quota Sizes and Archives: The default mailbox size is 100 gigabytes. As such, it will be  highly unlikely that you will have to do any mailbox size expansions. Archives and archive  policies should be enabled during the migration and automatically move anything over a year  old. (the Retention policy is named Berkadia Default Retention Policy) Distribution Groups: At the time of this writing, the vast majority of distribution groups are  stored on premise, which can cause some issues when some users are migrated to the cloud  and the distribution group is left on premise. So if a user was able to access and manage the  distribution group on premise, but was moved to the cloud they will have to wait till the  distribution group is migrated to the cloud, and you'll have to manually manage the members  depending on which realm they are located in.  Room Mailboxes: Room Mailboxes are mostly to remain on premise until the rest of the  migrations are complete. This means you have to keep the same permissions considerations  listed above in mind when concerning users attempting to manage the calendars of the  conference rooms.  Mail Routing: The way mail is routing currently is that all outgoing e-mail flows from Exchange  online to the on premise exchange server environment and then out to the internet. Incoming  mail from the internet/external users still comes in through the barracudas and then flows to  Exchange online if the user is located there (IE if a user details that they aren't receiving an e- mail from an external user, check the barracuda first to verify if that is accurate).  If a user is in  Exchange Online, and sends to another Berkadia user in exchange online, it stays up there. All       Exchange Online, and sends to another Berkadia user in exchange online, it stays up there. All  users in exchange online have a delivery or ""routing"" address of  berkadia.mail.onmicrosoft.com and will show up as a Remote User Mailbox. To access the exchange online management portal, you can connect with your -adm account https://outlook.office365.com/ecp/ Usually to do this, you'll have to click ""run as administrator"" before opening your browser to make  sure it uses the correct login and ADFS token. I recommend using firefox as a browser to do this. Once there you'll see the Exchange Admin Center as shown below.  The Portal is pretty intuitive and self-explanatory as the majority of your work will involve just the  recipients.  As mentioned earlier Users who have a mailbox in Exchange online will show up under Mailboxes.       Mailboxes and users who have not been migrated will likely show up as a contact in office 365.  To connect to Exchange Online's Powershell,  OPTION #1: Powershell Before Running powershell To run some of our custom powershell commands, such as get-cloudmailbox, you have to install our  profile. To do this, go retrieve the custom PowerShell profile to be on your local machine. If it isn't, copy profile.ps1 from \\gmaccm.com\WDS\Scripts\PowerShell to C:\Windows\System32 \WindowsPowerShell\v1.0 AND C:\Windows\SysWOW64\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0 To connect to exchange, make sure you open powershell on your desktop(Not the Exchange  Powershell) with your -adm account. Run connect-office and you should see a screen like this. Once like this, you can start running  powershell commands. If you do not connect to the office 365 exchange server, none of the tasks or  commandlets listed in the one note documents will work properly.      As a note, if you connect this way, all office 365 exchange commands will start with the cloud  prefix. Example: Instead of get-mailbox you would have to type, get-cloudmailbox. As you can see from the  screenshot below, the normal get-mailbox commandlet will fail, but the get-cloudmailbox will  succeeed. Option #2 Run the following commands in an elevated powershell prompt using your -adm account $UserCredential = Get-Credential $Session = New-PSSession -ConfigurationName Microsoft.Exchange -ConnectionUri  https://outlook.office365.com/powershell-liveid/ -Credential $UserCredential -Authentication  Basic -AllowRedirection Import-pssession $session You'll get prompted for some credentials  The username should be based off of your UPN, or in this case your -adm account@berkadia.com  If the command and password was entered correctly, you should see the following instead of any  errors.  Once there, you can access typical exchange commandlets that you would normally use as if you  were on-premise.     ","[53, 4, 53, 741]","[267, 270]","Exchange Online Overview Exchange Online Overview Exchange Online Overview Exchange Online Overview Exchange Online Overview Exchange Online Overview Exchange Online Overview Exchange Online Overview Exchange Online Overview Exchange Online Overview   This document should help detail the differences between the on premise management from your  perspective. Exchange Online is roughly the equivalent to having Exchange 2016 but hosted in office 365.  Since  not all Berkadia users are migrated to office 365 at this time, we are currently in a hybrid  environment. This means that all of our Active Directory users are being synced from on premise to  the exchange online. So for all intents and purposes their AD information comes from our Domain  controllers on premise and their mailboxes are being hosted out in Exchange Online. Because of this  setup, we have a cross-realm setup, or two exchange organizations. The basic gist of having two  exchange realms is that there are certain limitations when managing or communicating across  exchange realms. Here are some major points that you should remember: New Users and Mailboxes: If the user is new, the mailbox must be created on premise and  then migrated to exchange online. If you are part of the mailbox creation process, make sure  to notify the server team when you do so we can cross-reference if the user is part of an office  that has been migrated to exchange online and act accordingly. Once the whole company is  migrated, this will likely apply to all new users and their mailboxes automatically. Passwords and AD information: All password resets and other AD user information changes  have to be made on premise before it is synced up to exchange online (The sync occurs  roughly every 30 mins). User logins when logging into office 365 should be their  username@berkadia.com. The typical place they will login will be https://portal.office.com if  they wish to access the office 365 portal. If the ADFS redirect asks them to enter their  credentials (typically when they are located not in the office), they should login as if they were  logging into their workstation (ie gmaccm\username as shown in the picture below)  Mailbox Delegation/Permissions: access to mailboxes will not work across realms unless its full access only. Send as, send on behalf permissions will not function unless the users are in  the same realm. IE, if User A in exchange online wants to share their individual mailbox to a  user on premise with send on behalf permissions, this will not work. Only full access is allowed  across realms. The same logic applies to shared mailboxes and users across realms, if the user  is on exchange online and wants to send as from a shared mailbox located on prem, this is not  going to work until the mailbox is in the same realm as the user. Full access is not going to give  that permission either. Mailbox Quota Sizes and Archives: The default mailbox size is 100 gigabytes. As such, it will be  highly unlikely that you will have to do any mailbox size expansions. Archives and archive  policies should be enabled during the migration and automatically move anything over a year  old. (the Retention policy is named Berkadia Default Retention Policy) Distribution Groups: At the time of this writing, the vast majority of distribution groups are  stored on premise, which can cause some issues when some users are migrated to the cloud  and the distribution group is left on premise. So if a user was able to access and manage the  distribution group on premise, but was moved to the cloud they will have to wait till the  distribution group is migrated to the cloud, and you'll have to manually manage the members  depending on which realm they are located in.  Room Mailboxes: Room Mailboxes are mostly to remain on premise until the rest of the  migrations are complete. This means you have to keep the same permissions considerations  listed above in mind when concerning users attempting to manage the calendars of the  conference rooms.  Mail Routing: The way mail is routing currently is that all outgoing e-mail flows from Exchange  online to the on premise exchange server environment and then out to the internet. Incoming  mail from the internet/external users still comes in through the barracudas and then flows to  Exchange online if the user is located there (IE if a user details that they aren't receiving an e- mail from an external user, check the barracuda first to verify if that is accurate).  If a user is in  Exchange Online, and sends to another Berkadia user in exchange online, it stays up there. All       Exchange Online, and sends to another Berkadia user in exchange online, it stays up there. All  users in exchange online have a delivery or ""routing"" address of  berkadia.mail.onmicrosoft.com and will show up as a Remote User Mailbox. To access the exchange online management portal, you can connect with your -adm account https://outlook.office365.com/ecp/ Usually to do this, you'll have to click ""run as administrator"" before opening your browser to make  sure it uses the correct login and ADFS token. I recommend using firefox as a browser to do this. Once there you'll see the Exchange Admin Center as shown below.  The Portal is pretty intuitive and self-explanatory as the majority of your work will involve just the  recipients.  As mentioned earlier Users who have a mailbox in Exchange online will show up under Mailboxes.       Mailboxes and users who have not been migrated will likely show up as a contact in office 365.  To connect to Exchange Online's Powershell,  OPTION #1: Powershell Before Running powershell To run some of our custom powershell commands, such as get-cloudmailbox, you have to install our  profile. To do this, go retrieve the custom PowerShell profile to be on your local machine. If it isn't, copy profile.ps1 from \\gmaccm.com\WDS\Scripts\PowerShell to C:\Windows\System32 \WindowsPowerShell\v1.0 AND C:\Windows\SysWOW64\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0 To connect to exchange, make sure you open powershell on your desktop(Not the Exchange  Powershell) with your -adm account. Run connect-office and you should see a screen like this. Once like this, you can start running  powershell commands. If you do not connect to the office 365 exchange server, none of the tasks or  commandlets listed in the one note documents will work properly.      As a note, if you connect this way, all office 365 exchange commands will start with the cloud  prefix. Example: Instead of get-mailbox you would have to type, get-cloudmailbox. As you can see from the  screenshot below, the normal get-mailbox commandlet will fail, but the get-cloudmailbox will  succeeed. Option #2 Run the following commands in an elevated powershell prompt using your -adm account $UserCredential = Get-Credential $Session = New-PSSession -ConfigurationName Microsoft.Exchange -ConnectionUri  https://outlook.office365.com/powershell-liveid/ -Credential $UserCredential -Authentication  Basic -AllowRedirection Import-pssession $session You'll get prompted for some credentials  The username should be based off of your UPN, or in this case your -adm account@berkadia.com  If the command and password was entered correctly, you should see the following instead of any  errors.  Once there, you can access typical exchange commandlets that you would normally use as if you  were on-premise.     ","exchange online overview exchange online overview exchange online overview exchange online overview exchange online overview exchange online overview exchange online overview exchange online overview exchange online overview exchange online overview document help detail differences premise management perspective. exchange online roughly equivalent exchange 2016 host office 365. since berkadia users migrate office 365 time, currently hybrid environment. mean active directory users sync premise exchange online. intents purpose ad information come domain controllers premise mailboxes host exchange online. setup, cross-realm setup, two exchange organizations. basic gist two exchange realms certain limitations manage communicate across exchange realms. major point remember: new users mailboxes: user new, mailbox must create premise migrate exchange online. part mailbox creation process, make sure notify server team cross-reference user part office migrate exchange online act accordingly. whole company migrated, likely apply new users mailboxes automatically. passwords ad information: password reset ad user information change make premise sync exchange online (the sync occur roughly every 30 mins). user logins log office 365 username@berkadia.com. typical place login https://portal.office.com wish access office 365 portal. adfs redirect ask enter credentials (typically locate office), login log workstation (ie gmaccm\username show picture below) mailbox delegation/permissions: access mailboxes work across realms unless full access only. send as, send behalf permissions function unless users realm. ie, user exchange online want share individual mailbox user premise send behalf permissions, work. full access allow across realms. logic apply share mailboxes users across realms, user exchange online want send share mailbox locate prem, go work mailbox realm user. full access go give permission either. mailbox quota size archives: default mailbox size 100 gigabytes. such, highly unlikely mailbox size expansions. archive archive policies enable migration automatically move anything year old. (the retention policy name berkadia default retention policy) distribution groups: time writing, vast majority distribution group store premise, cause issue users migrate cloud distribution group leave premise. user able access manage distribution group premise, move cloud wait till distribution group migrate cloud, manually manage members depend realm locate in. room mailboxes: room mailboxes mostly remain premise rest migrations complete. mean keep permissions considerations list mind concern users attempt manage calendar conference rooms. mail routing: way mail rout currently outgo e-mail flow exchange online premise exchange server environment internet. incoming mail internet/external users still come barracudas flow exchange online user locate (ie user detail receive e- mail external user, check barracuda first verify accurate). user exchange online, send another berkadia user exchange online, stay there. exchange online, send another berkadia user exchange online, stay there. users exchange online delivery ""routing"" address berkadia.mail.onmicrosoft.com show remote user mailbox. access exchange online management portal, connect -adm account https://outlook.office365.com/ecp/ usually this, click ""run administrator"" open browser make sure use correct login adfs token. recommend use firefox browser this. see exchange admin center show below. portal pretty intuitive self-explanatory majority work involve recipients. mention earlier users mailbox exchange online show mailboxes. mailboxes users migrate likely show contact office 365. connect exchange online's powershell, option #1: powershell run powershell run custom powershell commands, get-cloudmailbox, install profile. this, go retrieve custom powershell profile local machine. isn't, copy profile.ps1 \\gmaccm.com\wds\scripts\powershell c:\windows\system32 \windowspowershell\v1.0 c:\windows\syswow64\windowspowershell\v1.0 connect exchange, make sure open powershell desktop(not exchange powershell) -adm account. run connect-office see screen like this. like this, start run powershell commands. connect office 365 exchange server, none task commandlets list one note document work properly. note, connect way, office 365 exchange command start cloud prefix. example: instead get-mailbox would type, get-cloudmailbox. see screenshot below, normal get-mailbox commandlet fail, get-cloudmailbox succeeed. option #2 run follow command elevate powershell prompt use -adm account $usercredential = get-credential $session = new-pssession -configurationname microsoft.exchange -connectionuri https://outlook.office365.com/powershell-liveid/ -credential $usercredential -authentication basic -allowredirection import-pssession $session get prompt credentials username base upn, case -adm account@berkadia.com command password enter correctly, see follow instead errors. there, access typical exchange commandlets would normally use on-premise.","Exchange Online Overview Exchange Online Overview   This document should help detail the differences between the on premise management from your  perspective. Exchange Online is roughly the equivalent to having Exchange 2016 but hosted in office 365.  Since  not all Berkadia users are migrated to office 365 at this time, we are currently in a hybrid  environment. This means that all of our Active Directory users are being synced from on premise to  the exchange online. So for all intents and purposes their AD information comes from our Domain  controllers on premise and their mailboxes are being hosted out in Exchange Online. Because of this  setup, we have a cross-realm setup, or two exchange organizations. The basic gist of having two  exchange realms is that there are certain limitations when managing or communicating across  exchange realms. Here are some major points that you should remember: New Users and Mailboxes: If the user is new, the mailbox must be created on premise and  then migrated to exchange online. If you are part of the mailbox creation process, make sure  to notify the server team when you do so we can cross-reference if the user is part of an office  that has been migrated to exchange online and act accordingly. Once the whole company is  migrated, this will likely apply to all new users and their mailboxes automatically. Passwords and AD information: All password resets and other AD user information changes  have to be made on premise before it is synced up to exchange online (The sync occurs  roughly every 30 mins). User logins when logging into office 365 should be their  username@berkadia.com. The typical place they will login will be https://portal.office.com if  they wish to access the office 365 portal. If the ADFS redirect asks them to enter their  credentials (typically when they are located not in the office), they should login as if they were  logging into their workstation (ie gmaccm\username as shown in the picture below)  Mailbox Delegation/Permissions: access to mailboxes will not work across realms unless its full access only. Send as, send on behalf permissions will not function unless the users are in  the same realm. IE, if User A in exchange online wants to share their individual mailbox to a  user on premise with send on behalf permissions, this will not work. Only full access is allowed  across realms. The same logic applies to shared mailboxes and users across realms, if the user  is on exchange online and wants to send as from a shared mailbox located on prem, this is not  going to work until the mailbox is in the same realm as the user. Full access is not going to give  that permission either. Mailbox Quota Sizes and Archives: The default mailbox size is 100 gigabytes. As such, it will be  highly unlikely that you will have to do any mailbox size expansions. Archives and archive  policies should be enabled during the migration and automatically move anything over a year  old. (the Retention policy is named Berkadia Default Retention Policy) Distribution Groups: At the time of this writing, the vast majority of distribution groups are  stored on premise, which can cause some issues when some users are migrated to the cloud  and the distribution group is left on premise. So if a user was able to access and manage the  distribution group on premise, but was moved to the cloud they will have to wait till the  distribution group is migrated to the cloud, and you'll have to manually manage the members  depending on which realm they are located in.  Room Mailboxes: Room Mailboxes are mostly to remain on premise until the rest of the  migrations are complete. This means you have to keep the same permissions considerations  listed above in mind when concerning users attempting to manage the calendars of the  conference rooms.  Mail Routing: The way mail is routing currently is that all outgoing e-mail flows from Exchange  online to the on premise exchange server environment and then out to the internet. Incoming  mail from the internet/external users still comes in through the barracudas and then flows to  Exchange online if the user is located there (IE if a user details that they aren't receiving an e- mail from an external user, check the barracuda first to verify if that is accurate).  If a user is in  Exchange Online, and sends to another Berkadia user in exchange online, it stays up there. All       Exchange Online, and sends to another Berkadia user in exchange online, it stays up there. All  users in exchange online have a delivery or ""routing"" address of  berkadia.mail.onmicrosoft.com and will show up as a Remote User Mailbox. To access the exchange online management portal, you can connect with your -adm account https://outlook.office365.com/ecp/ Usually to do this, you'll have to click ""run as administrator"" before opening your browser to make  sure it uses the correct login and ADFS token. I recommend using firefox as a browser to do this. Once there you'll see the Exchange Admin Center as shown below.  The Portal is pretty intuitive and self-explanatory as the majority of your work will involve just the  recipients.  As mentioned earlier Users who have a mailbox in Exchange online will show up under Mailboxes.       Mailboxes and users who have not been migrated will likely show up as a contact in office 365.  To connect to Exchange Online's Powershell,  OPTION #1: Powershell Before Running powershell To run some of our custom powershell commands, such as get-cloudmailbox, you have to install our  profile. To do this, go retrieve the custom PowerShell profile to be on your local machine. If it isn't, copy profile.ps1 from \\gmaccm.com\WDS\Scripts\PowerShell to C:\Windows\System32 \WindowsPowerShell\v1.0 AND C:\Windows\SysWOW64\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0 To connect to exchange, make sure you open powershell on your desktop(Not the Exchange  Powershell) with your -adm account. Run connect-office and you should see a screen like this. Once like this, you can start running  powershell commands. If you do not connect to the office 365 exchange server, none of the tasks or  commandlets listed in the one note documents will work properly.      As a note, if you connect this way, all office 365 exchange commands will start with the cloud  prefix. Example: Instead of get-mailbox you would have to type, get-cloudmailbox. As you can see from the  screenshot below, the normal get-mailbox commandlet will fail, but the get-cloudmailbox will  succeeed. Option #2 Run the following commands in an elevated powershell prompt using your -adm account $UserCredential = Get-Credential $Session = New-PSSession -ConfigurationName Microsoft.Exchange -ConnectionUri  https://outlook.office365.com/powershell-liveid/ -Credential $UserCredential -Authentication  Basic -AllowRedirection Import-pssession $session You'll get prompted for some credentials  The username should be based off of your UPN, or in this case your -adm account@berkadia.com  If the command and password was entered correctly, you should see the following instead of any  errors.  Once there, you can access typical exchange commandlets that you would normally use as if you  were on-premise.     ","exchange online overview exchange online overview document help detail differences premise management perspective. exchange online roughly equivalent exchange 2016 host office 365. since berkadia users migrate office 365 time, currently hybrid environment. mean active directory users sync premise exchange online. intents purpose ad information come domain controllers premise mailboxes host exchange online. setup, cross-realm setup, two exchange organizations. basic gist two exchange realms certain limitations manage communicate across exchange realms. major point remember: new users mailboxes: user new, mailbox must create premise migrate exchange online. part mailbox creation process, make sure notify server team cross-reference user part office migrate exchange online act accordingly. whole company migrated, likely apply new users mailboxes automatically. passwords ad information: password reset ad user information change make premise sync exchange online (the sync occur roughly every 30 mins). user logins log office 365 username@berkadia.com. typical place login https://portal.office.com wish access office 365 portal. adfs redirect ask enter credentials (typically locate office), login log workstation (ie gmaccm\username show picture below) mailbox delegation/permissions: access mailboxes work across realms unless full access only. send as, send behalf permissions function unless users realm. ie, user exchange online want share individual mailbox user premise send behalf permissions, work. full access allow across realms. logic apply share mailboxes users across realms, user exchange online want send share mailbox locate prem, go work mailbox realm user. full access go give permission either. mailbox quota size archives: default mailbox size 100 gigabytes. such, highly unlikely mailbox size expansions. archive archive policies enable migration automatically move anything year old. (the retention policy name berkadia default retention policy) distribution groups: time writing, vast majority distribution group store premise, cause issue users migrate cloud distribution group leave premise. user able access manage distribution group premise, move cloud wait till distribution group migrate cloud, manually manage members depend realm locate in. room mailboxes: room mailboxes mostly remain premise rest migrations complete. mean keep permissions considerations list mind concern users attempt manage calendar conference rooms. mail routing: way mail rout currently outgo e-mail flow exchange online premise exchange server environment internet. incoming mail internet/external users still come barracudas flow exchange online user locate (ie user detail receive e- mail external user, check barracuda first verify accurate). user exchange online, send another berkadia user exchange online, stay there. exchange online, send another berkadia user exchange online, stay there. users exchange online delivery ""routing"" address berkadia.mail.onmicrosoft.com show remote user mailbox. access exchange online management portal, connect -adm account https://outlook.office365.com/ecp/ usually this, click ""run administrator"" open browser make sure use correct login adfs token. recommend use firefox browser this. see exchange admin center show below. portal pretty intuitive self-explanatory majority work involve recipients. mention earlier users mailbox exchange online show mailboxes. mailboxes users migrate likely show contact office 365. connect exchange online's powershell, option #1: powershell run powershell run custom powershell commands, get-cloudmailbox, install profile. this, go retrieve custom powershell profile local machine. isn't, copy profile.ps1 \\gmaccm.com\wds\scripts\powershell c:\windows\system32 \windowspowershell\v1.0 c:\windows\syswow64\windowspowershell\v1.0 connect exchange, make sure open powershell desktop(not exchange powershell) -adm account. run connect-office see screen like this. like this, start run powershell commands. connect office 365 exchange server, none task commandlets list one note document work properly. note, connect way, office 365 exchange command start cloud prefix. example: instead get-mailbox would type, get-cloudmailbox. see screenshot below, normal get-mailbox commandlet fail, get-cloudmailbox succeeed. option #2 run follow command elevate powershell prompt use -adm account $usercredential = get-credential $session = new-pssession -configurationname microsoft.exchange -connectionuri https://outlook.office365.com/powershell-liveid/ -credential $usercredential -authentication basic -allowredirection import-pssession $session get prompt credentials username base upn, case -adm account@berkadia.com command password enter correctly, see follow instead errors. there, access typical exchange commandlets would normally use on-premise."
155,Exclaimer Signature Policy," Friday, April 20, 2018 8:29 AM *** To be added ***    ","[72, 0, 158, 775]",[265],"Exclaimer Signature Policy Exclaimer Signature Policy Exclaimer Signature Policy Exclaimer Signature Policy Exclaimer Signature Policy Exclaimer Signature Policy Exclaimer Signature Policy Exclaimer Signature Policy Exclaimer Signature Policy Exclaimer Signature Policy   Friday, April 20, 2018 8:29 AM *** To be added ***    ","exclaimer signature policy exclaimer signature policy exclaimer signature policy exclaimer signature policy exclaimer signature policy exclaimer signature policy exclaimer signature policy exclaimer signature policy exclaimer signature policy exclaimer signature policy friday, april 20, 2018 8:29 *** add ***","Exclaimer Signature Policy Exclaimer Signature Policy   Friday, April 20, 2018 8:29 AM *** To be added ***    ","exclaimer signature policy exclaimer signature policy friday, april 20, 2018 8:29 *** add ***"
156,Expire a User Account," 8:29 AM Tuesday, April 29, 2014 **Never delete an account. A member of the Security Operations staff runs a check on all accounts that have  been inactive for the past 60 days and will delete inactive accounts. Receivables:  An e-mail from either Human Resources or an employee’s manager stating that a user has (or  will) been terminated from the company. Actions Needed: Check the authority on the request. It should come from Human Resources, HRWork, or the supervisor of the  user being expired. Look up the supervisor name in Viewpoint to verify manger status. If received from HRWork, check the data element  Last Day Worked for the date. Otherwise, the  employees Last Day Worked should be listed in the e- mail. If it is in the future, set the account to expire on that  date. For accounts that must be expired effective  immediately, set the account to expire on the previous  day. In the Description field of the AD record, add a note to the existing description following this template:  Expired (date to expire) per (requestor) (IM ticket reference) (your initials)         e.g., Expired  05/30/04 per HR BIT9456 BB Expire the Account based on the circumstances 1. To Expire the account, under the Account tab under the section that says “Account Expires” mark the  box that says End Of and match the date with the Last Day Worked. Apply the changes. 1. 2. 3. 4. **Please note accounts set to expire on a certain date will not expire until 11:59:59 PM on the date listed. 5. Close out the ticket 1. If the request was sent from HRWork, do not send an e-mail back. Instead, close the ticket out in  Incident Monitor with the following messages. ‘The network account(s) listed in this ticket  have been expired from the network as result of a request received by  HRWork’ The ticket should be closed out within Incident Monitor as such: Category: Security Operations Sub-Category: HRWorkflow Module: Disable User Account Otherwise, send a message back to the requestor notifying them that the request has been completed.  **Please note when sending e-mail from the Security Mailbox, place – Request # BITXXXX in the  subject line of the e-mail. 2. Use the Expire a Network Account template located at  \\pa508shrdrv1\DT_Eng\Security\Template as a reference to what information should be included. Close out the ticket within Incident Monitor using the e-mail that you had sent back to the requestor. The ticket should be closed out within Incident Monitor as such: Category: Security Operations Sub-Category: Account Management Module: Disable User Account      Friday, November 21, 2014 9:49 AM Introduction To protect confidential data in transit, Berkadia uses the Ciphermail application to encrypt  messages and attachments to non-Berkadia users.  Like any system, users will occasionally  lose or forget their password; they will be instructed to contact the Berkadia help desk for  assistance. Audience and Prerequisites You need to be a member of Ciphermail User Managers, Ciphermail Portal Managers, and  Ciphermail Login groups to complete this process. Password reset procedure Log in to the management portal at https://securemail.berkadia.com/djigzo/login using your - ADM account (formatted as your-adm@gmaccm.com). On the Users tab, find the user you want to modify and click the user's email address. Note: you can click the triangle next to Email Filter to search for users Click Portal      Enter a new password, and click Apply Revision and Review History The Technology Manager – IT Admin reviews each IT document on a 12-month rotation  schedule based on the date of its creation, last revision, or last review.  Subject matter experts and policy owners make changes to this policy as necessary. The  change log describes new topics and other changes. Action Document Number Effective Date Changes Creation 2014-005.1 July 2014 Document creation      Friday, November 21, 2014 8:56 AM","[72, 769, 55, 779]","[791, 794]","Expire a User Account Expire a User Account Expire a User Account Expire a User Account Expire a User Account Expire a User Account Expire a User Account Expire a User Account Expire a User Account Expire a User Account   8:29 AM Tuesday, April 29, 2014 **Never delete an account. A member of the Security Operations staff runs a check on all accounts that have  been inactive for the past 60 days and will delete inactive accounts. Receivables:  An e-mail from either Human Resources or an employee’s manager stating that a user has (or  will) been terminated from the company. Actions Needed: Check the authority on the request. It should come from Human Resources, HRWork, or the supervisor of the  user being expired. Look up the supervisor name in Viewpoint to verify manger status. If received from HRWork, check the data element  Last Day Worked for the date. Otherwise, the  employees Last Day Worked should be listed in the e- mail. If it is in the future, set the account to expire on that  date. For accounts that must be expired effective  immediately, set the account to expire on the previous  day. In the Description field of the AD record, add a note to the existing description following this template:  Expired (date to expire) per (requestor) (IM ticket reference) (your initials)         e.g., Expired  05/30/04 per HR BIT9456 BB Expire the Account based on the circumstances 1. To Expire the account, under the Account tab under the section that says “Account Expires” mark the  box that says End Of and match the date with the Last Day Worked. Apply the changes. 1. 2. 3. 4. **Please note accounts set to expire on a certain date will not expire until 11:59:59 PM on the date listed. 5. Close out the ticket 1. If the request was sent from HRWork, do not send an e-mail back. Instead, close the ticket out in  Incident Monitor with the following messages. ‘The network account(s) listed in this ticket  have been expired from the network as result of a request received by  HRWork’ The ticket should be closed out within Incident Monitor as such: Category: Security Operations Sub-Category: HRWorkflow Module: Disable User Account Otherwise, send a message back to the requestor notifying them that the request has been completed.  **Please note when sending e-mail from the Security Mailbox, place – Request # BITXXXX in the  subject line of the e-mail. 2. Use the Expire a Network Account template located at  \\pa508shrdrv1\DT_Eng\Security\Template as a reference to what information should be included. Close out the ticket within Incident Monitor using the e-mail that you had sent back to the requestor. The ticket should be closed out within Incident Monitor as such: Category: Security Operations Sub-Category: Account Management Module: Disable User Account      Friday, November 21, 2014 9:49 AM Introduction To protect confidential data in transit, Berkadia uses the Ciphermail application to encrypt  messages and attachments to non-Berkadia users.  Like any system, users will occasionally  lose or forget their password; they will be instructed to contact the Berkadia help desk for  assistance. Audience and Prerequisites You need to be a member of Ciphermail User Managers, Ciphermail Portal Managers, and  Ciphermail Login groups to complete this process. Password reset procedure Log in to the management portal at https://securemail.berkadia.com/djigzo/login using your - ADM account (formatted as your-adm@gmaccm.com). On the Users tab, find the user you want to modify and click the user's email address. Note: you can click the triangle next to Email Filter to search for users Click Portal      Enter a new password, and click Apply Revision and Review History The Technology Manager – IT Admin reviews each IT document on a 12-month rotation  schedule based on the date of its creation, last revision, or last review.  Subject matter experts and policy owners make changes to this policy as necessary. The  change log describes new topics and other changes. Action Document Number Effective Date Changes Creation 2014-005.1 July 2014 Document creation      Friday, November 21, 2014 8:56 AM","expire user account expire user account expire user account expire user account expire user account expire user account expire user account expire user account expire user account expire user account 8:29 tuesday, april 29, 2014 **never delete account. member security operations staff run check account inactive past 60 days delete inactive accounts. receivables: e-mail either human resources employee’s manager state user (or will) terminate company. action needed: check authority request. come human resources, hrwork, supervisor user expired. look supervisor name viewpoint verify manger status. receive hrwork, check data element last day work date. otherwise, employees last day work list e- mail. future, set account expire date. account must expire effective immediately, set account expire previous day. description field ad record, add note exist description follow template: expire (date expire) per (requestor) (im ticket reference) (your initials) e.g., expire 05/30/04 per hr bit9456 bb expire account base circumstances 1. expire account, account tab section say “account expires” mark box say end match date last day worked. apply changes. 1. 2. 3. 4. **please note account set expire certain date expire 11:59:59 pm date listed. 5. close ticket 1. request send hrwork, send e-mail back. instead, close ticket incident monitor follow messages. ‘the network account(s) list ticket expire network result request receive hrwork’ ticket close within incident monitor such: category: security operations sub-category: hrworkflow module: disable user account otherwise, send message back requestor notify request completed. **please note send e-mail security mailbox, place – request # bitxxxx subject line e-mail. 2. use expire network account template locate \\pa508shrdrv1\dt_eng\security\template reference information included. close ticket within incident monitor use e-mail send back requestor. ticket close within incident monitor such: category: security operations sub-category: account management module: disable user account friday, november 21, 2014 9:49 introduction protect confidential data transit, berkadia use ciphermail application encrypt message attachments non-berkadia users. like system, users occasionally lose forget password; instruct contact berkadia help desk assistance. audience prerequisites need member ciphermail user managers, ciphermail portal managers, ciphermail login group complete process. password reset procedure log management portal https://securemail.berkadia.com/djigzo/login use - adm account (formatted your-adm@gmaccm.com). users tab, find user want modify click user's email address. note: click triangle next email filter search users click portal enter new password, click apply revision review history technology manager – admin review document 12-month rotation schedule base date creation, last revision, last review. subject matter experts policy owners make change policy necessary. change log describe new topics changes. action document number effective date change creation 2014-005.1 july 2014 document creation friday, november 21, 2014 8:56","Expire a User Account Expire a User Account   8:29 AM Tuesday, April 29, 2014 **Never delete an account. A member of the Security Operations staff runs a check on all accounts that have  been inactive for the past 60 days and will delete inactive accounts. Receivables:  An e-mail from either Human Resources or an employee’s manager stating that a user has (or  will) been terminated from the company. Actions Needed: Check the authority on the request. It should come from Human Resources, HRWork, or the supervisor of the  user being expired. Look up the supervisor name in Viewpoint to verify manger status. If received from HRWork, check the data element  Last Day Worked for the date. Otherwise, the  employees Last Day Worked should be listed in the e- mail. If it is in the future, set the account to expire on that  date. For accounts that must be expired effective  immediately, set the account to expire on the previous  day. In the Description field of the AD record, add a note to the existing description following this template:  Expired (date to expire) per (requestor) (IM ticket reference) (your initials)         e.g., Expired  05/30/04 per HR BIT9456 BB Expire the Account based on the circumstances 1. To Expire the account, under the Account tab under the section that says “Account Expires” mark the  box that says End Of and match the date with the Last Day Worked. Apply the changes. 1. 2. 3. 4. **Please note accounts set to expire on a certain date will not expire until 11:59:59 PM on the date listed. 5. Close out the ticket 1. If the request was sent from HRWork, do not send an e-mail back. Instead, close the ticket out in  Incident Monitor with the following messages. ‘The network account(s) listed in this ticket  have been expired from the network as result of a request received by  HRWork’ The ticket should be closed out within Incident Monitor as such: Category: Security Operations Sub-Category: HRWorkflow Module: Disable User Account Otherwise, send a message back to the requestor notifying them that the request has been completed.  **Please note when sending e-mail from the Security Mailbox, place – Request # BITXXXX in the  subject line of the e-mail. 2. Use the Expire a Network Account template located at  \\pa508shrdrv1\DT_Eng\Security\Template as a reference to what information should be included. Close out the ticket within Incident Monitor using the e-mail that you had sent back to the requestor. The ticket should be closed out within Incident Monitor as such: Category: Security Operations Sub-Category: Account Management Module: Disable User Account      Friday, November 21, 2014 9:49 AM Introduction To protect confidential data in transit, Berkadia uses the Ciphermail application to encrypt  messages and attachments to non-Berkadia users.  Like any system, users will occasionally  lose or forget their password; they will be instructed to contact the Berkadia help desk for  assistance. Audience and Prerequisites You need to be a member of Ciphermail User Managers, Ciphermail Portal Managers, and  Ciphermail Login groups to complete this process. Password reset procedure Log in to the management portal at https://securemail.berkadia.com/djigzo/login using your - ADM account (formatted as your-adm@gmaccm.com). On the Users tab, find the user you want to modify and click the user's email address. Note: you can click the triangle next to Email Filter to search for users Click Portal      Enter a new password, and click Apply Revision and Review History The Technology Manager – IT Admin reviews each IT document on a 12-month rotation  schedule based on the date of its creation, last revision, or last review.  Subject matter experts and policy owners make changes to this policy as necessary. The  change log describes new topics and other changes. Action Document Number Effective Date Changes Creation 2014-005.1 July 2014 Document creation      Friday, November 21, 2014 8:56 AM","expire user account expire user account 8:29 tuesday, april 29, 2014 **never delete account. member security operations staff run check account inactive past 60 days delete inactive accounts. receivables: e-mail either human resources employee’s manager state user (or will) terminate company. action needed: check authority request. come human resources, hrwork, supervisor user expired. look supervisor name viewpoint verify manger status. receive hrwork, check data element last day work date. otherwise, employees last day work list e- mail. future, set account expire date. account must expire effective immediately, set account expire previous day. description field ad record, add note exist description follow template: expire (date expire) per (requestor) (im ticket reference) (your initials) e.g., expire 05/30/04 per hr bit9456 bb expire account base circumstances 1. expire account, account tab section say “account expires” mark box say end match date last day worked. apply changes. 1. 2. 3. 4. **please note account set expire certain date expire 11:59:59 pm date listed. 5. close ticket 1. request send hrwork, send e-mail back. instead, close ticket incident monitor follow messages. ‘the network account(s) list ticket expire network result request receive hrwork’ ticket close within incident monitor such: category: security operations sub-category: hrworkflow module: disable user account otherwise, send message back requestor notify request completed. **please note send e-mail security mailbox, place – request # bitxxxx subject line e-mail. 2. use expire network account template locate \\pa508shrdrv1\dt_eng\security\template reference information included. close ticket within incident monitor use e-mail send back requestor. ticket close within incident monitor such: category: security operations sub-category: account management module: disable user account friday, november 21, 2014 9:49 introduction protect confidential data transit, berkadia use ciphermail application encrypt message attachments non-berkadia users. like system, users occasionally lose forget password; instruct contact berkadia help desk assistance. audience prerequisites need member ciphermail user managers, ciphermail portal managers, ciphermail login group complete process. password reset procedure log management portal https://securemail.berkadia.com/djigzo/login use - adm account (formatted your-adm@gmaccm.com). users tab, find user want modify click user's email address. note: click triangle next email filter search users click portal enter new password, click apply revision review history technology manager – admin review document 12-month rotation schedule base date creation, last revision, last review. subject matter experts policy owners make change policy necessary. change log describe new topics changes. action document number effective date change creation 2014-005.1 july 2014 document creation friday, november 21, 2014 8:56"
157,FAQ," Thursday, May 31, 2018 3:40 PM Should I choose MDM or MAM? And what is the difference? MDM (Mobile Device Management) is intended to manage device wide settings whereas MAM  (Mobile Application Management) only manages approved apps that contain company data. We are  more than likely going to require company owned devices to be full enrolled and give BYOD users  the option of using MDM or MAM. If you want to access corporate wireless, your device must be  fully enrolled in order to receive the WiFi profiles from Intune. How do I enroll a device (MDM)? Enroll iOS (MDM) Enroll Android (MDM) Windows Mobile devices can enroll automatically without the need for the company portal app via  enterpriseenrollment.berkadia.com which points to enterpriseenrollment-s.manage.microsoft.com How do I force a device to check-in? Users can do this manually through the Intune Company Portal app or Admins can do this from the  Azure Intune Portal Intune > Devices > All Devices Click the device and then select Sync from the More menu What is a device compliance policy? The compliance policy configures device restrictions and security settings. We decide what we deem       The compliance policy configures device restrictions and security settings. We decide what we deem  as safe before a device can be considered compliant and connect to company resources. A device  must have at least one compliance policy applied before it is considered compliant. What are app protection policies? These policies control app level restrictions and security settings. They may vary depending on  platform (Android, iOS, WMP). How and why would you perform an App Selective Wipe? App selective wipe is useful when devices are not fully enrolled (MAM) and you need to remove  company data from all managed apps on a specific device for a single user. Intune>Mobile Apps>App Selective Wipe      How and why would you Remove Company data? For devices that are fully enrolled (MDM), you can Remove Company Data from a specific  device. This will unenroll the device and remove all company data and unconfigure protected apps.  Leaving personal content intact. What is Conditional Access and how is it used for Mobile devices? Currently, we use conditional access to control access to Exchange Online only. This forces a device  to use an approved app to connect to email. How many devices can I enroll? This is currently set to 3. This can be changed per user or group. Can I enroll multiple platforms under the same account?      Can I enroll multiple platforms under the same account? Absolutely. There are no platform restrictions currently in place. If a user is a member of both the  iOS and Android AD groups, those specific platform policies or configurations will simply not apply to  other platforms. What happens if a device does not check in for a certain period of time? For MDM enrolled devices, the device will be considered noncompliant if it does not report its  compliance status within 90 days For devices using MAM, app data will be wiped if the device does not check in within 90 days What happens when I delete my device from the Intune Company Portal App The device will be unenrolled from Intune and all of the managed apps will be uninstalled from the  device Why do iOS native email apps remain when a user has been removed from profile assignment If you want to remove an email profile from a device, edit the assignment and remove any groups of  which the device is a member. Note that you cannot remove an email profile in this way if it is the  only email profile on a device. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/intune/email-settings-configure Why are there multiple devices per user in All Devices When the Exchange Connector is configured, Intune will pull in all previously associated ActiveSync  devices from EOL According to the tech, the Exchange Connector is not required and they recommend removing the       According to the tech, the Exchange Connector is not required and they recommend removing the  connector in order to prevent Intune console from importing these device Why do I need to have the Company portal or Authenticator app installed when not full enrolling a  device? The Authenticator app acts as a broker for iOS devices and the Company Portal App acts as the  broker for Android devices. This is how Intune verifies the device, mainly for MAM only devices. Why am I prompted to select certificate when I access a managed app? Intune needs to pull a certificate from the broker app (mentioned above) in order to authenticate  and verify the device. This should only occur when initially connecting to a managed app from an  unenrolled device Why can't Android devices view attached images within OL? On an iOS device, OL opens the image within OL. Android devices, on the other hand, have to access  the Image Gallery, which will not be allowed when your MAM policy is configured to only allow  policy managed apps to transfer data to other Policy managed apps You can configure app exemptions, but this may be difficult to keep track of, considering all of the  different Android manufacturers (I added an exemption for Google Photos - com.google.android.apps.photos for testing purposes) https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/intune/app-protection-policies-exception The alternative is to use and app called the Microsoft Azure Information Protection app. This is the  preferred way for Android devices and has been configured as a required app for Android devices. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/information-protection/rms-client/mobile-app-faq The following file types are supported: .pdf, .ppdf, .pjpg, .pjpeg, .ptiff, .ppng, .ptxt, .pxml   From <https://onenote.officeapps.live.com/o/onenoteframe.aspx?ui=en%2DUS&rs=en%2DUS&WOPISrc=https%3A%2F% 2Fberkadia%2Esharepoint%2Ecom%2FO365%2DResources%2F%5Fvti%5Fbin%2Fwopi%2Eashx%2Ffolders% 2Fc42d5de607df48c89a5f3cf333bdae3e&wdEnableRoaming=1&wdFR=1&mscc=1&hid=179e6c9e-e0ae-5000- a5c9-82d8e9ced377>       KnowBe4-PAB - Helpdesk Process Wednesday, July 25, 2018 10:39 PM KnowBe4 PAB - Helpdesk Process    ","[32, 9, 52, 783]","[93, 98]","FAQ FAQ FAQ FAQ FAQ FAQ FAQ FAQ FAQ FAQ   Thursday, May 31, 2018 3:40 PM Should I choose MDM or MAM? And what is the difference? MDM (Mobile Device Management) is intended to manage device wide settings whereas MAM  (Mobile Application Management) only manages approved apps that contain company data. We are  more than likely going to require company owned devices to be full enrolled and give BYOD users  the option of using MDM or MAM. If you want to access corporate wireless, your device must be  fully enrolled in order to receive the WiFi profiles from Intune. How do I enroll a device (MDM)? Enroll iOS (MDM) Enroll Android (MDM) Windows Mobile devices can enroll automatically without the need for the company portal app via  enterpriseenrollment.berkadia.com which points to enterpriseenrollment-s.manage.microsoft.com How do I force a device to check-in? Users can do this manually through the Intune Company Portal app or Admins can do this from the  Azure Intune Portal Intune > Devices > All Devices Click the device and then select Sync from the More menu What is a device compliance policy? The compliance policy configures device restrictions and security settings. We decide what we deem       The compliance policy configures device restrictions and security settings. We decide what we deem  as safe before a device can be considered compliant and connect to company resources. A device  must have at least one compliance policy applied before it is considered compliant. What are app protection policies? These policies control app level restrictions and security settings. They may vary depending on  platform (Android, iOS, WMP). How and why would you perform an App Selective Wipe? App selective wipe is useful when devices are not fully enrolled (MAM) and you need to remove  company data from all managed apps on a specific device for a single user. Intune>Mobile Apps>App Selective Wipe      How and why would you Remove Company data? For devices that are fully enrolled (MDM), you can Remove Company Data from a specific  device. This will unenroll the device and remove all company data and unconfigure protected apps.  Leaving personal content intact. What is Conditional Access and how is it used for Mobile devices? Currently, we use conditional access to control access to Exchange Online only. This forces a device  to use an approved app to connect to email. How many devices can I enroll? This is currently set to 3. This can be changed per user or group. Can I enroll multiple platforms under the same account?      Can I enroll multiple platforms under the same account? Absolutely. There are no platform restrictions currently in place. If a user is a member of both the  iOS and Android AD groups, those specific platform policies or configurations will simply not apply to  other platforms. What happens if a device does not check in for a certain period of time? For MDM enrolled devices, the device will be considered noncompliant if it does not report its  compliance status within 90 days For devices using MAM, app data will be wiped if the device does not check in within 90 days What happens when I delete my device from the Intune Company Portal App The device will be unenrolled from Intune and all of the managed apps will be uninstalled from the  device Why do iOS native email apps remain when a user has been removed from profile assignment If you want to remove an email profile from a device, edit the assignment and remove any groups of  which the device is a member. Note that you cannot remove an email profile in this way if it is the  only email profile on a device. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/intune/email-settings-configure Why are there multiple devices per user in All Devices When the Exchange Connector is configured, Intune will pull in all previously associated ActiveSync  devices from EOL According to the tech, the Exchange Connector is not required and they recommend removing the       According to the tech, the Exchange Connector is not required and they recommend removing the  connector in order to prevent Intune console from importing these device Why do I need to have the Company portal or Authenticator app installed when not full enrolling a  device? The Authenticator app acts as a broker for iOS devices and the Company Portal App acts as the  broker for Android devices. This is how Intune verifies the device, mainly for MAM only devices. Why am I prompted to select certificate when I access a managed app? Intune needs to pull a certificate from the broker app (mentioned above) in order to authenticate  and verify the device. This should only occur when initially connecting to a managed app from an  unenrolled device Why can't Android devices view attached images within OL? On an iOS device, OL opens the image within OL. Android devices, on the other hand, have to access  the Image Gallery, which will not be allowed when your MAM policy is configured to only allow  policy managed apps to transfer data to other Policy managed apps You can configure app exemptions, but this may be difficult to keep track of, considering all of the  different Android manufacturers (I added an exemption for Google Photos - com.google.android.apps.photos for testing purposes) https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/intune/app-protection-policies-exception The alternative is to use and app called the Microsoft Azure Information Protection app. This is the  preferred way for Android devices and has been configured as a required app for Android devices. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/information-protection/rms-client/mobile-app-faq The following file types are supported: .pdf, .ppdf, .pjpg, .pjpeg, .ptiff, .ppng, .ptxt, .pxml   From <https://onenote.officeapps.live.com/o/onenoteframe.aspx?ui=en%2DUS&rs=en%2DUS&WOPISrc=https%3A%2F% 2Fberkadia%2Esharepoint%2Ecom%2FO365%2DResources%2F%5Fvti%5Fbin%2Fwopi%2Eashx%2Ffolders% 2Fc42d5de607df48c89a5f3cf333bdae3e&wdEnableRoaming=1&wdFR=1&mscc=1&hid=179e6c9e-e0ae-5000- a5c9-82d8e9ced377>       KnowBe4-PAB - Helpdesk Process Wednesday, July 25, 2018 10:39 PM KnowBe4 PAB - Helpdesk Process    ","faq faq faq faq faq faq faq faq faq faq thursday, may 31, 2018 3:40 pm choose mdm mam difference mdm (mobile device management) intend manage device wide settings whereas mam (mobile application management) manage approve apps contain company data. likely go require company own devices full enrol give byod users option use mdm mam. want access corporate wireless, device must fully enrol order receive wifi profile intune. enroll device (mdm) enroll ios (mdm) enroll android (mdm) windows mobile devices enroll automatically without need company portal app via enterpriseenrollment.berkadia.com point enterpriseenrollment-s.manage.microsoft.com force device check-in users manually intune company portal app admins azure intune portal intune > devices > devices click device select sync menu device compliance policy compliance policy configure device restrictions security settings. decide deem compliance policy configure device restrictions security settings. decide deem safe device consider compliant connect company resources. device must least one compliance policy apply consider compliant. app protection policies policies control app level restrictions security settings. may vary depend platform (android, ios, wmp). would perform app selective wipe app selective wipe useful devices fully enrol (mam) need remove company data manage apps specific device single user. intune>mobile apps>app selective wipe would remove company data devices fully enrol (mdm), remove company data specific device. unenroll device remove company data unconfigure protect apps. leave personal content intact. conditional access use mobile devices currently, use conditional access control access exchange online only. force device use approve app connect email. many devices enroll currently set 3. change per user group. enroll multiple platforms account enroll multiple platforms account absolutely. platform restrictions currently place. user member ios android ad groups, specific platform policies configurations simply apply platforms. happen device check certain period time mdm enrol devices, device consider noncompliant report compliance status within 90 days devices use mam, app data wipe device check within 90 days happen delete device intune company portal app device unenrolled intune manage apps uninstalled device ios native email apps remain user remove profile assignment want remove email profile device, edit assignment remove group device member. note cannot remove email profile way email profile device. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/intune/email-settings-configure multiple devices per user devices exchange connector configured, intune pull previously associate activesync devices eol accord tech, exchange connector require recommend remove accord tech, exchange connector require recommend remove connector order prevent intune console import device need company portal authenticator app instal full enrol device authenticator app act broker ios devices company portal app act broker android devices. intune verify device, mainly mam devices. prompt select certificate access manage app intune need pull certificate broker app (mentioned above) order authenticate verify device. occur initially connect manage app unenrolled device can't android devices view attach image within ol ios device, ol open image within ol. android devices, hand, access image gallery, allow mam policy configure allow policy manage apps transfer data policy manage apps configure app exemptions, may difficult keep track of, consider different android manufacturers (i add exemption google photos - com.google.android.apps.photos test purposes) https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/intune/app-protection-policies-exception alternative use app call microsoft azure information protection app. prefer way android devices configure require app android devices. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/information-protection/rms-client/mobile-app-faq follow file type supported: .pdf, .ppdf, .pjpg, .pjpeg, .ptiff, .ppng, .ptxt, .pxml <https://onenote.officeapps.live.com/o/onenoteframe.aspxui=en%2dus&rs=en%2dus&wopisrc=https%3a%2f% 2fberkadia%2esharepoint%2ecom%2fo365%2dresources%2f%5fvti%5fbin%2fwopi%2eashx%2ffolders% 2fc42d5de607df48c89a5f3cf333bdae3e&wdenableroaming=1&wdfr=1&mscc=1&hid=179e6c9e-e0ae-5000- a5c9-82d8e9ced377> knowbe4-pab - helpdesk process wednesday, july 25, 2018 10:39 pm knowbe4 pab - helpdesk process","FAQ FAQ   Thursday, May 31, 2018 3:40 PM Should I choose MDM or MAM? And what is the difference? MDM (Mobile Device Management) is intended to manage device wide settings whereas MAM  (Mobile Application Management) only manages approved apps that contain company data. We are  more than likely going to require company owned devices to be full enrolled and give BYOD users  the option of using MDM or MAM. If you want to access corporate wireless, your device must be  fully enrolled in order to receive the WiFi profiles from Intune. How do I enroll a device (MDM)? Enroll iOS (MDM) Enroll Android (MDM) Windows Mobile devices can enroll automatically without the need for the company portal app via  enterpriseenrollment.berkadia.com which points to enterpriseenrollment-s.manage.microsoft.com How do I force a device to check-in? Users can do this manually through the Intune Company Portal app or Admins can do this from the  Azure Intune Portal Intune > Devices > All Devices Click the device and then select Sync from the More menu What is a device compliance policy? The compliance policy configures device restrictions and security settings. We decide what we deem       The compliance policy configures device restrictions and security settings. We decide what we deem  as safe before a device can be considered compliant and connect to company resources. A device  must have at least one compliance policy applied before it is considered compliant. What are app protection policies? These policies control app level restrictions and security settings. They may vary depending on  platform (Android, iOS, WMP). How and why would you perform an App Selective Wipe? App selective wipe is useful when devices are not fully enrolled (MAM) and you need to remove  company data from all managed apps on a specific device for a single user. Intune>Mobile Apps>App Selective Wipe      How and why would you Remove Company data? For devices that are fully enrolled (MDM), you can Remove Company Data from a specific  device. This will unenroll the device and remove all company data and unconfigure protected apps.  Leaving personal content intact. What is Conditional Access and how is it used for Mobile devices? Currently, we use conditional access to control access to Exchange Online only. This forces a device  to use an approved app to connect to email. How many devices can I enroll? This is currently set to 3. This can be changed per user or group. Can I enroll multiple platforms under the same account?      Can I enroll multiple platforms under the same account? Absolutely. There are no platform restrictions currently in place. If a user is a member of both the  iOS and Android AD groups, those specific platform policies or configurations will simply not apply to  other platforms. What happens if a device does not check in for a certain period of time? For MDM enrolled devices, the device will be considered noncompliant if it does not report its  compliance status within 90 days For devices using MAM, app data will be wiped if the device does not check in within 90 days What happens when I delete my device from the Intune Company Portal App The device will be unenrolled from Intune and all of the managed apps will be uninstalled from the  device Why do iOS native email apps remain when a user has been removed from profile assignment If you want to remove an email profile from a device, edit the assignment and remove any groups of  which the device is a member. Note that you cannot remove an email profile in this way if it is the  only email profile on a device. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/intune/email-settings-configure Why are there multiple devices per user in All Devices When the Exchange Connector is configured, Intune will pull in all previously associated ActiveSync  devices from EOL According to the tech, the Exchange Connector is not required and they recommend removing the       According to the tech, the Exchange Connector is not required and they recommend removing the  connector in order to prevent Intune console from importing these device Why do I need to have the Company portal or Authenticator app installed when not full enrolling a  device? The Authenticator app acts as a broker for iOS devices and the Company Portal App acts as the  broker for Android devices. This is how Intune verifies the device, mainly for MAM only devices. Why am I prompted to select certificate when I access a managed app? Intune needs to pull a certificate from the broker app (mentioned above) in order to authenticate  and verify the device. This should only occur when initially connecting to a managed app from an  unenrolled device Why can't Android devices view attached images within OL? On an iOS device, OL opens the image within OL. Android devices, on the other hand, have to access  the Image Gallery, which will not be allowed when your MAM policy is configured to only allow  policy managed apps to transfer data to other Policy managed apps You can configure app exemptions, but this may be difficult to keep track of, considering all of the  different Android manufacturers (I added an exemption for Google Photos - com.google.android.apps.photos for testing purposes) https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/intune/app-protection-policies-exception The alternative is to use and app called the Microsoft Azure Information Protection app. This is the  preferred way for Android devices and has been configured as a required app for Android devices. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/information-protection/rms-client/mobile-app-faq The following file types are supported: .pdf, .ppdf, .pjpg, .pjpeg, .ptiff, .ppng, .ptxt, .pxml   From <https://onenote.officeapps.live.com/o/onenoteframe.aspx?ui=en%2DUS&rs=en%2DUS&WOPISrc=https%3A%2F% 2Fberkadia%2Esharepoint%2Ecom%2FO365%2DResources%2F%5Fvti%5Fbin%2Fwopi%2Eashx%2Ffolders% 2Fc42d5de607df48c89a5f3cf333bdae3e&wdEnableRoaming=1&wdFR=1&mscc=1&hid=179e6c9e-e0ae-5000- a5c9-82d8e9ced377>       KnowBe4-PAB - Helpdesk Process Wednesday, July 25, 2018 10:39 PM KnowBe4 PAB - Helpdesk Process    ","faq faq thursday, may 31, 2018 3:40 pm choose mdm mam difference mdm (mobile device management) intend manage device wide settings whereas mam (mobile application management) manage approve apps contain company data. likely go require company own devices full enrol give byod users option use mdm mam. want access corporate wireless, device must fully enrol order receive wifi profile intune. enroll device (mdm) enroll ios (mdm) enroll android (mdm) windows mobile devices enroll automatically without need company portal app via enterpriseenrollment.berkadia.com point enterpriseenrollment-s.manage.microsoft.com force device check-in users manually intune company portal app admins azure intune portal intune > devices > devices click device select sync menu device compliance policy compliance policy configure device restrictions security settings. decide deem compliance policy configure device restrictions security settings. decide deem safe device consider compliant connect company resources. device must least one compliance policy apply consider compliant. app protection policies policies control app level restrictions security settings. may vary depend platform (android, ios, wmp). would perform app selective wipe app selective wipe useful devices fully enrol (mam) need remove company data manage apps specific device single user. intune>mobile apps>app selective wipe would remove company data devices fully enrol (mdm), remove company data specific device. unenroll device remove company data unconfigure protect apps. leave personal content intact. conditional access use mobile devices currently, use conditional access control access exchange online only. force device use approve app connect email. many devices enroll currently set 3. change per user group. enroll multiple platforms account enroll multiple platforms account absolutely. platform restrictions currently place. user member ios android ad groups, specific platform policies configurations simply apply platforms. happen device check certain period time mdm enrol devices, device consider noncompliant report compliance status within 90 days devices use mam, app data wipe device check within 90 days happen delete device intune company portal app device unenrolled intune manage apps uninstalled device ios native email apps remain user remove profile assignment want remove email profile device, edit assignment remove group device member. note cannot remove email profile way email profile device. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/intune/email-settings-configure multiple devices per user devices exchange connector configured, intune pull previously associate activesync devices eol accord tech, exchange connector require recommend remove accord tech, exchange connector require recommend remove connector order prevent intune console import device need company portal authenticator app instal full enrol device authenticator app act broker ios devices company portal app act broker android devices. intune verify device, mainly mam devices. prompt select certificate access manage app intune need pull certificate broker app (mentioned above) order authenticate verify device. occur initially connect manage app unenrolled device can't android devices view attach image within ol ios device, ol open image within ol. android devices, hand, access image gallery, allow mam policy configure allow policy manage apps transfer data policy manage apps configure app exemptions, may difficult keep track of, consider different android manufacturers (i add exemption google photos - com.google.android.apps.photos test purposes) https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/intune/app-protection-policies-exception alternative use app call microsoft azure information protection app. prefer way android devices configure require app android devices. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/information-protection/rms-client/mobile-app-faq follow file type supported: .pdf, .ppdf, .pjpg, .pjpeg, .ptiff, .ppng, .ptxt, .pxml <https://onenote.officeapps.live.com/o/onenoteframe.aspxui=en%2dus&rs=en%2dus&wopisrc=https%3a%2f% 2fberkadia%2esharepoint%2ecom%2fo365%2dresources%2f%5fvti%5fbin%2fwopi%2eashx%2ffolders% 2fc42d5de607df48c89a5f3cf333bdae3e&wdenableroaming=1&wdfr=1&mscc=1&hid=179e6c9e-e0ae-5000- a5c9-82d8e9ced377> knowbe4-pab - helpdesk process wednesday, july 25, 2018 10:39 pm knowbe4 pab - helpdesk process"
158,FIM Automated Password Reset," Sunday, March 13, 2016 3:41 PM Password Reset Registration 1.) After the password reset client is installed on your PC, the first time you log in the password  registration web page will open.  If the page doesn’t appear, open a web browser and go to  https://passwordregistration.berkadia.com . On the main page, click on the Next Button 2.) 3.) When connected to the network, the machine will already grab the account id of the user  accessing the site. Enter the password to your network account in the appropriate field and  select Next. The next window will prompt for an e-mail address. This address will be used to send a  verification code when resetting your password. As you will be unable to access your Berkadia  mailbox in the event of an account lockout, it is necessary you use a personal, non-Berkadia, e- mail address here. Once an e-mail address has been placed in the appropriate field, select Next. 4.) Next a page will appear with approximately twenty (20) security questions. You are required to  answer at least six (6) of the questions, however you can answer more if preferred.  You will  be required to remember the answers provided as you will be required to answer three of the  questions (randomly selected from those answered) when resetting your password. **Please note: each answer must be at least four characters in length. In addition, the answer to a  question cannot match that of another question. For example, “What is your oldest sibling’s middle  name?” and “What is the middle name of your oldest child?"" cannot have the same answer. Also, note that the answers you provide are case-sensitive. Once completed, scroll to the bottom of the page and Select Next. 5.) You will arrive at the confirmation window stating the registration has been completed. Password Reset using a computer attached to the Berkadia network 1.) To reset your password from a Berkadia owned machine, from the Log On window, enter your  user name and select “Forgot your password?” (Windows 7) or “Reset…” (Windows XP). In Windows 7:     2.) Three of the security questions that you have answered during registration will appear on the  next page. You will be required to answer each of the questions in order to continue with the  password reset.  Once answers (case-sensitive) for each of the three questions have been entered, select Next. If you answer any question wrong three times, you will be locked out of the Password Reset  system for fifteen minutes. 3.) The next page will request you to enter your password into both of the available fields. One  you have entered your new password in both fields, Select Next Passwords must contain three of the four following character types (upper case, lower case, number,  special character). In addition, the password cannot match any of the 5 previous passwords used. 4.) If all of the steps have been performed correctly, you will receive notification that You have      4.) If all of the steps have been performed correctly, you will receive notification that You have  successfully reset your password. Press Finish, and log on to the network with your newly  reset password. Password Reset using a computer attached to the Internet To reset your password from the internet, open an internet browser and go to  https://passwordreset.berkadia.com . 1.) In the available field, enter your network account id preceded by gmaccm\. Select Next. 2.) Once you have entered your account information, an e-mail will be sent to your registered e- mail address from FIM.Service@berkadia.com titled Here is the security code to reset your  password. The e-mail contains a security code, which you will need for the next step. 3.) In your internet browser, enter the security code provided in the e-mail from FIM Service in  the space provided. Select Next 4.) Three of the security questions that you answered during registration will appear on the next  page. You will be required to answer each of the questions in order to continue with the       page. You will be required to answer each of the questions in order to continue with the  password reset.  Once answers (case-sensitive) for each of the three questions have been entered, select Next. If you provide the wrong answer for the security code or answer any question wrong three  times, you will be locked out of the Password Reset system for fifteen minutes. Did you forget the answer to your security questions?  Once your account is unlocked you can re-run  the registration process by accessing https://passwordregistration.berkadia.com and re-answering  the questions. 1.) The next page will request you to enter your new password into both of the available fields.  One you have entered your new password in both fields, Select Next Password must contain three of the four following character types (upper case, lower case, number,  special character). In addition, the password cannot match any of the 5 previous passwords used. If all of the steps have been performed correctly, you will receive notification that Your password  has been reset. At this time, please log onto the network with your newly reset password. 1.) The next page will request you to enter your new password into both of the available fields. One you  have entered your new password in both fields, Select Next Password must contain three of the four following character types (upper case, lower case, number, special  character). In addition, the password cannot match any of the 5 previous passwords used. If all of the steps have been performed correctly, you will receive notification that Your password  has been reset. At this time, please log onto the network with your newly reset password.    ","[52, 0, 72, 775]","[105, 108]","FIM Automated Password Reset FIM Automated Password Reset FIM Automated Password Reset FIM Automated Password Reset FIM Automated Password Reset FIM Automated Password Reset FIM Automated Password Reset FIM Automated Password Reset FIM Automated Password Reset FIM Automated Password Reset   Sunday, March 13, 2016 3:41 PM Password Reset Registration 1.) After the password reset client is installed on your PC, the first time you log in the password  registration web page will open.  If the page doesn’t appear, open a web browser and go to  https://passwordregistration.berkadia.com . On the main page, click on the Next Button 2.) 3.) When connected to the network, the machine will already grab the account id of the user  accessing the site. Enter the password to your network account in the appropriate field and  select Next. The next window will prompt for an e-mail address. This address will be used to send a  verification code when resetting your password. As you will be unable to access your Berkadia  mailbox in the event of an account lockout, it is necessary you use a personal, non-Berkadia, e- mail address here. Once an e-mail address has been placed in the appropriate field, select Next. 4.) Next a page will appear with approximately twenty (20) security questions. You are required to  answer at least six (6) of the questions, however you can answer more if preferred.  You will  be required to remember the answers provided as you will be required to answer three of the  questions (randomly selected from those answered) when resetting your password. **Please note: each answer must be at least four characters in length. In addition, the answer to a  question cannot match that of another question. For example, “What is your oldest sibling’s middle  name?” and “What is the middle name of your oldest child?"" cannot have the same answer. Also, note that the answers you provide are case-sensitive. Once completed, scroll to the bottom of the page and Select Next. 5.) You will arrive at the confirmation window stating the registration has been completed. Password Reset using a computer attached to the Berkadia network 1.) To reset your password from a Berkadia owned machine, from the Log On window, enter your  user name and select “Forgot your password?” (Windows 7) or “Reset…” (Windows XP). In Windows 7:     2.) Three of the security questions that you have answered during registration will appear on the  next page. You will be required to answer each of the questions in order to continue with the  password reset.  Once answers (case-sensitive) for each of the three questions have been entered, select Next. If you answer any question wrong three times, you will be locked out of the Password Reset  system for fifteen minutes. 3.) The next page will request you to enter your password into both of the available fields. One  you have entered your new password in both fields, Select Next Passwords must contain three of the four following character types (upper case, lower case, number,  special character). In addition, the password cannot match any of the 5 previous passwords used. 4.) If all of the steps have been performed correctly, you will receive notification that You have      4.) If all of the steps have been performed correctly, you will receive notification that You have  successfully reset your password. Press Finish, and log on to the network with your newly  reset password. Password Reset using a computer attached to the Internet To reset your password from the internet, open an internet browser and go to  https://passwordreset.berkadia.com . 1.) In the available field, enter your network account id preceded by gmaccm\. Select Next. 2.) Once you have entered your account information, an e-mail will be sent to your registered e- mail address from FIM.Service@berkadia.com titled Here is the security code to reset your  password. The e-mail contains a security code, which you will need for the next step. 3.) In your internet browser, enter the security code provided in the e-mail from FIM Service in  the space provided. Select Next 4.) Three of the security questions that you answered during registration will appear on the next  page. You will be required to answer each of the questions in order to continue with the       page. You will be required to answer each of the questions in order to continue with the  password reset.  Once answers (case-sensitive) for each of the three questions have been entered, select Next. If you provide the wrong answer for the security code or answer any question wrong three  times, you will be locked out of the Password Reset system for fifteen minutes. Did you forget the answer to your security questions?  Once your account is unlocked you can re-run  the registration process by accessing https://passwordregistration.berkadia.com and re-answering  the questions. 1.) The next page will request you to enter your new password into both of the available fields.  One you have entered your new password in both fields, Select Next Password must contain three of the four following character types (upper case, lower case, number,  special character). In addition, the password cannot match any of the 5 previous passwords used. If all of the steps have been performed correctly, you will receive notification that Your password  has been reset. At this time, please log onto the network with your newly reset password. 1.) The next page will request you to enter your new password into both of the available fields. One you  have entered your new password in both fields, Select Next Password must contain three of the four following character types (upper case, lower case, number, special  character). In addition, the password cannot match any of the 5 previous passwords used. If all of the steps have been performed correctly, you will receive notification that Your password  has been reset. At this time, please log onto the network with your newly reset password.    ","fim automate password reset fim automate password reset fim automate password reset fim automate password reset fim automate password reset fim automate password reset fim automate password reset fim automate password reset fim automate password reset fim automate password reset sunday, march 13, 2016 3:41 pm password reset registration 1.) password reset client instal pc, first time log password registration web page open. page doesn’t appear, open web browser go https://passwordregistration.berkadia.com . main page, click next button 2.) 3.) connect network, machine already grab account id user access site. enter password network account appropriate field select next. next window prompt e-mail address. address use send verification code reset password. unable access berkadia mailbox event account lockout, necessary use personal, non-berkadia, e- mail address here. e-mail address place appropriate field, select next. 4.) next page appear approximately twenty (20) security questions. require answer least six (6) questions, however answer preferred. require remember answer provide require answer three question (randomly select answered) reset password. **please note: answer must least four character length. addition, answer question cannot match another question. example, “what oldest sibling’s middle name” “what middle name oldest child"" cannot answer. also, note answer provide case-sensitive. completed, scroll bottom page select next. 5.) arrive confirmation window state registration completed. password reset use computer attach berkadia network 1.) reset password berkadia own machine, log window, enter user name select “forgot password” (windows 7) “reset…” (windows xp). windows 7: 2.) three security question answer registration appear next page. require answer question order continue password reset. answer (case-sensitive) three question entered, select next. answer question wrong three times, lock password reset system fifteen minutes. 3.) next page request enter password available fields. one enter new password fields, select next passwords must contain three four follow character type (upper case, lower case, number, special character). addition, password cannot match 5 previous passwords used. 4.) step perform correctly, receive notification 4.) step perform correctly, receive notification successfully reset password. press finish, log network newly reset password. password reset use computer attach internet reset password internet, open internet browser go https://passwordreset.berkadia.com . 1.) available field, enter network account id precede gmaccm\. select next. 2.) enter account information, e-mail send register e- mail address fim.service@berkadia.com title security code reset password. e-mail contain security code, need next step. 3.) internet browser, enter security code provide e-mail fim service space provided. select next 4.) three security question answer registration appear next page. require answer question order continue page. require answer question order continue password reset. answer (case-sensitive) three question entered, select next. provide wrong answer security code answer question wrong three times, lock password reset system fifteen minutes. forget answer security questions account unlock re-run registration process access https://passwordregistration.berkadia.com re-answering questions. 1.) next page request enter new password available fields. one enter new password fields, select next password must contain three four follow character type (upper case, lower case, number, special character). addition, password cannot match 5 previous passwords used. step perform correctly, receive notification password reset. time, please log onto network newly reset password. 1.) next page request enter new password available fields. one enter new password fields, select next password must contain three four follow character type (upper case, lower case, number, special character). addition, password cannot match 5 previous passwords used. step perform correctly, receive notification password reset. time, please log onto network newly reset password.","FIM Automated Password Reset FIM Automated Password Reset   Sunday, March 13, 2016 3:41 PM Password Reset Registration 1.) After the password reset client is installed on your PC, the first time you log in the password  registration web page will open.  If the page doesn’t appear, open a web browser and go to  https://passwordregistration.berkadia.com . On the main page, click on the Next Button 2.) 3.) When connected to the network, the machine will already grab the account id of the user  accessing the site. Enter the password to your network account in the appropriate field and  select Next. The next window will prompt for an e-mail address. This address will be used to send a  verification code when resetting your password. As you will be unable to access your Berkadia  mailbox in the event of an account lockout, it is necessary you use a personal, non-Berkadia, e- mail address here. Once an e-mail address has been placed in the appropriate field, select Next. 4.) Next a page will appear with approximately twenty (20) security questions. You are required to  answer at least six (6) of the questions, however you can answer more if preferred.  You will  be required to remember the answers provided as you will be required to answer three of the  questions (randomly selected from those answered) when resetting your password. **Please note: each answer must be at least four characters in length. In addition, the answer to a  question cannot match that of another question. For example, “What is your oldest sibling’s middle  name?” and “What is the middle name of your oldest child?"" cannot have the same answer. Also, note that the answers you provide are case-sensitive. Once completed, scroll to the bottom of the page and Select Next. 5.) You will arrive at the confirmation window stating the registration has been completed. Password Reset using a computer attached to the Berkadia network 1.) To reset your password from a Berkadia owned machine, from the Log On window, enter your  user name and select “Forgot your password?” (Windows 7) or “Reset…” (Windows XP). In Windows 7:     2.) Three of the security questions that you have answered during registration will appear on the  next page. You will be required to answer each of the questions in order to continue with the  password reset.  Once answers (case-sensitive) for each of the three questions have been entered, select Next. If you answer any question wrong three times, you will be locked out of the Password Reset  system for fifteen minutes. 3.) The next page will request you to enter your password into both of the available fields. One  you have entered your new password in both fields, Select Next Passwords must contain three of the four following character types (upper case, lower case, number,  special character). In addition, the password cannot match any of the 5 previous passwords used. 4.) If all of the steps have been performed correctly, you will receive notification that You have      4.) If all of the steps have been performed correctly, you will receive notification that You have  successfully reset your password. Press Finish, and log on to the network with your newly  reset password. Password Reset using a computer attached to the Internet To reset your password from the internet, open an internet browser and go to  https://passwordreset.berkadia.com . 1.) In the available field, enter your network account id preceded by gmaccm\. Select Next. 2.) Once you have entered your account information, an e-mail will be sent to your registered e- mail address from FIM.Service@berkadia.com titled Here is the security code to reset your  password. The e-mail contains a security code, which you will need for the next step. 3.) In your internet browser, enter the security code provided in the e-mail from FIM Service in  the space provided. Select Next 4.) Three of the security questions that you answered during registration will appear on the next  page. You will be required to answer each of the questions in order to continue with the       page. You will be required to answer each of the questions in order to continue with the  password reset.  Once answers (case-sensitive) for each of the three questions have been entered, select Next. If you provide the wrong answer for the security code or answer any question wrong three  times, you will be locked out of the Password Reset system for fifteen minutes. Did you forget the answer to your security questions?  Once your account is unlocked you can re-run  the registration process by accessing https://passwordregistration.berkadia.com and re-answering  the questions. 1.) The next page will request you to enter your new password into both of the available fields.  One you have entered your new password in both fields, Select Next Password must contain three of the four following character types (upper case, lower case, number,  special character). In addition, the password cannot match any of the 5 previous passwords used. If all of the steps have been performed correctly, you will receive notification that Your password  has been reset. At this time, please log onto the network with your newly reset password. 1.) The next page will request you to enter your new password into both of the available fields. One you  have entered your new password in both fields, Select Next Password must contain three of the four following character types (upper case, lower case, number, special  character). In addition, the password cannot match any of the 5 previous passwords used. If all of the steps have been performed correctly, you will receive notification that Your password  has been reset. At this time, please log onto the network with your newly reset password.    ","fim automate password reset fim automate password reset sunday, march 13, 2016 3:41 pm password reset registration 1.) password reset client instal pc, first time log password registration web page open. page doesn’t appear, open web browser go https://passwordregistration.berkadia.com . main page, click next button 2.) 3.) connect network, machine already grab account id user access site. enter password network account appropriate field select next. next window prompt e-mail address. address use send verification code reset password. unable access berkadia mailbox event account lockout, necessary use personal, non-berkadia, e- mail address here. e-mail address place appropriate field, select next. 4.) next page appear approximately twenty (20) security questions. require answer least six (6) questions, however answer preferred. require remember answer provide require answer three question (randomly select answered) reset password. **please note: answer must least four character length. addition, answer question cannot match another question. example, “what oldest sibling’s middle name” “what middle name oldest child"" cannot answer. also, note answer provide case-sensitive. completed, scroll bottom page select next. 5.) arrive confirmation window state registration completed. password reset use computer attach berkadia network 1.) reset password berkadia own machine, log window, enter user name select “forgot password” (windows 7) “reset…” (windows xp). windows 7: 2.) three security question answer registration appear next page. require answer question order continue password reset. answer (case-sensitive) three question entered, select next. answer question wrong three times, lock password reset system fifteen minutes. 3.) next page request enter password available fields. one enter new password fields, select next passwords must contain three four follow character type (upper case, lower case, number, special character). addition, password cannot match 5 previous passwords used. 4.) step perform correctly, receive notification 4.) step perform correctly, receive notification successfully reset password. press finish, log network newly reset password. password reset use computer attach internet reset password internet, open internet browser go https://passwordreset.berkadia.com . 1.) available field, enter network account id precede gmaccm\. select next. 2.) enter account information, e-mail send register e- mail address fim.service@berkadia.com title security code reset password. e-mail contain security code, need next step. 3.) internet browser, enter security code provide e-mail fim service space provided. select next 4.) three security question answer registration appear next page. require answer question order continue page. require answer question order continue password reset. answer (case-sensitive) three question entered, select next. provide wrong answer security code answer question wrong three times, lock password reset system fifteen minutes. forget answer security questions account unlock re-run registration process access https://passwordregistration.berkadia.com re-answering questions. 1.) next page request enter new password available fields. one enter new password fields, select next password must contain three four follow character type (upper case, lower case, number, special character). addition, password cannot match 5 previous passwords used. step perform correctly, receive notification password reset. time, please log onto network newly reset password. 1.) next page request enter new password available fields. one enter new password fields, select next password must contain three four follow character type (upper case, lower case, number, special character). addition, password cannot match 5 previous passwords used. step perform correctly, receive notification password reset. time, please log onto network newly reset password."
159,File Share," Thursday, February 22, 2018 11:35 AM      Thursday, February 22, 2018 11:35 AM      Thursday, February 22, 2018 11:35 AM      Thursday, February 22, 2018 11:35 AM      Thursday, February 22, 2018 11:35 AM      Thursday, February 22, 2018 11:35 AM      Thursday, February 22, 2018 11:35 AM      Office Info Thursday, February 12, 2015 9:06 AM Address:  2120 16th Ave South Suite 300  Birmingham AL 35205 (staff occupies 3rd floor only) This office has a Berkadia configured connection to handle Cisco IP phones and a single desktop computer that is on the  Berkadia Domain. Each office contains a wall plate that has a port for the phone and a port for David Oakley's own network/switch. The  non-Berkadia connection is totally unfiltered and unmanaged by Berkadia currently. Primarily, all uses have  non-domain connected  Macbooks or iMacs, they can connect over an ethernet cable to the  above mentioned wall plate or wirelessly to an apple airport extreme. The apple airport extreme is located in the  conference room closet, top shelf. It connects to a small 16 port switch which runs to the MDF closet about 50 feet  away. As you enter the 3rd floor from the elevator, turn left, enter the door, this MDF closet will be immediately to your  left. Apple Airport Extreme router: Router login Password: smile123 Wifi Key/Password: hb3rd456 Router IP/Gateway: 10.0.101.1 (must be managed from Airport utility) Extreme - ... Airport           Apple Airport Extreme router #2: There is also a second Airport Extreme Router labeled as ""Extender."" This unit is in bridge mode and functioning as a  traditional Wifi repeater to improve performance for some of the furthest offices. It is located on a filing cabinet on top  of the Konica multifunction printer. Router login Password: smile123 Wifi Key/Password: hb3rd456 Router IP/Gateway: 10.0.101.12 (must be managed from Airport utility)      ISP: Bright house/Spectrum (Connected to unmanaged Netgear switch in MDF closet, tested rates as high as  230mbps/29mbps) Contact Number:  205-591-6880 http://businesssolutions.brighthouse.com/support/contact-us.html Secondary ISP: Time Warner (Connected to Fortigate unit in MDF closet, tested rates as high as 70mbps/15mbps) Phone System: Cisco Backup NAS: IP: 10.0.101.56 Login: Sysop PW: B3rk@d1a Network Scan:  Network Scan Printers: Xerox 7855 - 192.168.91.85 (this is configured to only work with the Berkadia Domain network, no one seems to use this  currently)      Konica Bizhub c658 - 10.0.101.102 (reserved IP on the Airport Extreme router) Service/supply company:      HP Officejet X576dw MFP standalone inkjet printer - this machine is in Stephanie's office. It's hooked up via usb to her  HP Berkadia-domain desktop and connected to Wi-Fi in the office to allow Stephanie to connect from her non domain  bound Macbook Users: Abe Maddox - 13"" Macbook Pro Caleb Frizzell David Oakley - 13"" Macbook Pro David Wilson Jessica Duckett - 15"" USB C Macbook Pro Michael Krombach Stephanie Baine - Macbook Pro/HP Elitedesk 8300 Weston Markwell - iMac    ","[50, 5, 72, 775]","[866, 1033]","File Share File Share File Share File Share File Share File Share File Share File Share File Share File Share   Thursday, February 22, 2018 11:35 AM      Thursday, February 22, 2018 11:35 AM      Thursday, February 22, 2018 11:35 AM      Thursday, February 22, 2018 11:35 AM      Thursday, February 22, 2018 11:35 AM      Thursday, February 22, 2018 11:35 AM      Thursday, February 22, 2018 11:35 AM      Office Info Thursday, February 12, 2015 9:06 AM Address:  2120 16th Ave South Suite 300  Birmingham AL 35205 (staff occupies 3rd floor only) This office has a Berkadia configured connection to handle Cisco IP phones and a single desktop computer that is on the  Berkadia Domain. Each office contains a wall plate that has a port for the phone and a port for David Oakley's own network/switch. The  non-Berkadia connection is totally unfiltered and unmanaged by Berkadia currently. Primarily, all uses have  non-domain connected  Macbooks or iMacs, they can connect over an ethernet cable to the  above mentioned wall plate or wirelessly to an apple airport extreme. The apple airport extreme is located in the  conference room closet, top shelf. It connects to a small 16 port switch which runs to the MDF closet about 50 feet  away. As you enter the 3rd floor from the elevator, turn left, enter the door, this MDF closet will be immediately to your  left. Apple Airport Extreme router: Router login Password: smile123 Wifi Key/Password: hb3rd456 Router IP/Gateway: 10.0.101.1 (must be managed from Airport utility) Extreme - ... Airport           Apple Airport Extreme router #2: There is also a second Airport Extreme Router labeled as ""Extender."" This unit is in bridge mode and functioning as a  traditional Wifi repeater to improve performance for some of the furthest offices. It is located on a filing cabinet on top  of the Konica multifunction printer. Router login Password: smile123 Wifi Key/Password: hb3rd456 Router IP/Gateway: 10.0.101.12 (must be managed from Airport utility)      ISP: Bright house/Spectrum (Connected to unmanaged Netgear switch in MDF closet, tested rates as high as  230mbps/29mbps) Contact Number:  205-591-6880 http://businesssolutions.brighthouse.com/support/contact-us.html Secondary ISP: Time Warner (Connected to Fortigate unit in MDF closet, tested rates as high as 70mbps/15mbps) Phone System: Cisco Backup NAS: IP: 10.0.101.56 Login: Sysop PW: B3rk@d1a Network Scan:  Network Scan Printers: Xerox 7855 - 192.168.91.85 (this is configured to only work with the Berkadia Domain network, no one seems to use this  currently)      Konica Bizhub c658 - 10.0.101.102 (reserved IP on the Airport Extreme router) Service/supply company:      HP Officejet X576dw MFP standalone inkjet printer - this machine is in Stephanie's office. It's hooked up via usb to her  HP Berkadia-domain desktop and connected to Wi-Fi in the office to allow Stephanie to connect from her non domain  bound Macbook Users: Abe Maddox - 13"" Macbook Pro Caleb Frizzell David Oakley - 13"" Macbook Pro David Wilson Jessica Duckett - 15"" USB C Macbook Pro Michael Krombach Stephanie Baine - Macbook Pro/HP Elitedesk 8300 Weston Markwell - iMac    ","file share file share file share file share file share file share file share file share file share file share thursday, february 22, 2018 11:35 thursday, february 22, 2018 11:35 thursday, february 22, 2018 11:35 thursday, february 22, 2018 11:35 thursday, february 22, 2018 11:35 thursday, february 22, 2018 11:35 thursday, february 22, 2018 11:35 office info thursday, february 12, 2015 9:06 address: 2120 16th ave south suite 300 birmingham al 35205 (staff occupy 3rd floor only) office berkadia configure connection handle cisco ip phone single desktop computer berkadia domain. office contain wall plate port phone port david oakley's network/switch. non-berkadia connection totally unfiltered unmanaged berkadia currently. primarily, use non-domain connect macbooks imacs, connect ethernet cable mention wall plate wirelessly apple airport extreme. apple airport extreme locate conference room closet, top shelf. connect small 16 port switch run mdf closet 50 feet away. enter 3rd floor elevator, turn left, enter door, mdf closet immediately left. apple airport extreme router: router login password: smile123 wifi key/password: hb3rd456 router ip/gateway: 10.0.101.1 (must manage airport utility) extreme - ... airport apple airport extreme router #2: also second airport extreme router label ""extender."" unit bridge mode function traditional wifi repeater improve performance furthest offices. locate file cabinet top konica multifunction printer. router login password: smile123 wifi key/password: hb3rd456 router ip/gateway: 10.0.101.12 (must manage airport utility) isp: bright house/spectrum (connected unmanaged netgear switch mdf closet, test rat high 230mbps/29mbps) contact number: 205-591-6880 http://businesssolutions.brighthouse.com/support/contact-us.html secondary isp: time warner (connected fortigate unit mdf closet, test rat high 70mbps/15mbps) phone system: cisco backup nas: ip: 10.0.101.56 login: sysop pw: b3rk@d1a network scan: network scan printers: xerox 7855 - 192.168.91.85 (this configure work berkadia domain network, one seem use currently) konica bizhub c658 - 10.0.101.102 (reserved ip airport extreme router) service/supply company: hp officejet x576dw mfp standalone inkjet printer - machine stephanie's office. hook via usb hp berkadia-domain desktop connect wi-fi office allow stephanie connect non domain bind macbook users: abe maddox - 13"" macbook pro caleb frizzell david oakley - 13"" macbook pro david wilson jessica duckett - 15"" usb c macbook pro michael krombach stephanie baine - macbook pro/hp elitedesk 8300 weston markwell - imac","File Share File Share   Thursday, February 22, 2018 11:35 AM      Thursday, February 22, 2018 11:35 AM      Thursday, February 22, 2018 11:35 AM      Thursday, February 22, 2018 11:35 AM      Thursday, February 22, 2018 11:35 AM      Thursday, February 22, 2018 11:35 AM      Thursday, February 22, 2018 11:35 AM      Office Info Thursday, February 12, 2015 9:06 AM Address:  2120 16th Ave South Suite 300  Birmingham AL 35205 (staff occupies 3rd floor only) This office has a Berkadia configured connection to handle Cisco IP phones and a single desktop computer that is on the  Berkadia Domain. Each office contains a wall plate that has a port for the phone and a port for David Oakley's own network/switch. The  non-Berkadia connection is totally unfiltered and unmanaged by Berkadia currently. Primarily, all uses have  non-domain connected  Macbooks or iMacs, they can connect over an ethernet cable to the  above mentioned wall plate or wirelessly to an apple airport extreme. The apple airport extreme is located in the  conference room closet, top shelf. It connects to a small 16 port switch which runs to the MDF closet about 50 feet  away. As you enter the 3rd floor from the elevator, turn left, enter the door, this MDF closet will be immediately to your  left. Apple Airport Extreme router: Router login Password: smile123 Wifi Key/Password: hb3rd456 Router IP/Gateway: 10.0.101.1 (must be managed from Airport utility) Extreme - ... Airport           Apple Airport Extreme router #2: There is also a second Airport Extreme Router labeled as ""Extender."" This unit is in bridge mode and functioning as a  traditional Wifi repeater to improve performance for some of the furthest offices. It is located on a filing cabinet on top  of the Konica multifunction printer. Router login Password: smile123 Wifi Key/Password: hb3rd456 Router IP/Gateway: 10.0.101.12 (must be managed from Airport utility)      ISP: Bright house/Spectrum (Connected to unmanaged Netgear switch in MDF closet, tested rates as high as  230mbps/29mbps) Contact Number:  205-591-6880 http://businesssolutions.brighthouse.com/support/contact-us.html Secondary ISP: Time Warner (Connected to Fortigate unit in MDF closet, tested rates as high as 70mbps/15mbps) Phone System: Cisco Backup NAS: IP: 10.0.101.56 Login: Sysop PW: B3rk@d1a Network Scan:  Network Scan Printers: Xerox 7855 - 192.168.91.85 (this is configured to only work with the Berkadia Domain network, no one seems to use this  currently)      Konica Bizhub c658 - 10.0.101.102 (reserved IP on the Airport Extreme router) Service/supply company:      HP Officejet X576dw MFP standalone inkjet printer - this machine is in Stephanie's office. It's hooked up via usb to her  HP Berkadia-domain desktop and connected to Wi-Fi in the office to allow Stephanie to connect from her non domain  bound Macbook Users: Abe Maddox - 13"" Macbook Pro Caleb Frizzell David Oakley - 13"" Macbook Pro David Wilson Jessica Duckett - 15"" USB C Macbook Pro Michael Krombach Stephanie Baine - Macbook Pro/HP Elitedesk 8300 Weston Markwell - iMac    ","file share file share thursday, february 22, 2018 11:35 thursday, february 22, 2018 11:35 thursday, february 22, 2018 11:35 thursday, february 22, 2018 11:35 thursday, february 22, 2018 11:35 thursday, february 22, 2018 11:35 thursday, february 22, 2018 11:35 office info thursday, february 12, 2015 9:06 address: 2120 16th ave south suite 300 birmingham al 35205 (staff occupy 3rd floor only) office berkadia configure connection handle cisco ip phone single desktop computer berkadia domain. office contain wall plate port phone port david oakley's network/switch. non-berkadia connection totally unfiltered unmanaged berkadia currently. primarily, use non-domain connect macbooks imacs, connect ethernet cable mention wall plate wirelessly apple airport extreme. apple airport extreme locate conference room closet, top shelf. connect small 16 port switch run mdf closet 50 feet away. enter 3rd floor elevator, turn left, enter door, mdf closet immediately left. apple airport extreme router: router login password: smile123 wifi key/password: hb3rd456 router ip/gateway: 10.0.101.1 (must manage airport utility) extreme - ... airport apple airport extreme router #2: also second airport extreme router label ""extender."" unit bridge mode function traditional wifi repeater improve performance furthest offices. locate file cabinet top konica multifunction printer. router login password: smile123 wifi key/password: hb3rd456 router ip/gateway: 10.0.101.12 (must manage airport utility) isp: bright house/spectrum (connected unmanaged netgear switch mdf closet, test rat high 230mbps/29mbps) contact number: 205-591-6880 http://businesssolutions.brighthouse.com/support/contact-us.html secondary isp: time warner (connected fortigate unit mdf closet, test rat high 70mbps/15mbps) phone system: cisco backup nas: ip: 10.0.101.56 login: sysop pw: b3rk@d1a network scan: network scan printers: xerox 7855 - 192.168.91.85 (this configure work berkadia domain network, one seem use currently) konica bizhub c658 - 10.0.101.102 (reserved ip airport extreme router) service/supply company: hp officejet x576dw mfp standalone inkjet printer - machine stephanie's office. hook via usb hp berkadia-domain desktop connect wi-fi office allow stephanie connect non domain bind macbook users: abe maddox - 13"" macbook pro caleb frizzell david oakley - 13"" macbook pro david wilson jessica duckett - 15"" usb c macbook pro michael krombach stephanie baine - macbook pro/hp elitedesk 8300 weston markwell - imac"
160,Filelocker," Sunday, March 13, 2016 3:17 PM Logging In 1.) 2.) 3.) Open a web browser and go to https://filelocker.berkadia.com Log in with your Berkadia User ID and Password Please DO NOT include gmaccm\ in your user name The first time you access FileLocker, the following Terms of Service page will appear. Please be  sure to read through the entire agreement before selecting I Agree. Uploading a File 1.) Click the ‘Upload’ button located near the top-right corner of the ‘My Files’ page. 2.) When the pop-up box appears, you may select an expiration date (7 day limit), add notes to  the file (250 character limit), and scan for viruses.     3.) 4.) Finally, click ‘Browse and Upload’ to select a file from your computer to upload to Filelocker  File page with the options previously specified. Congratulation, your file has been uploaded. Learn about Sharing a File with Berkadia users and Third Parties. Sharing a File Internally 1.) After uploading a file, click on the file that you want to share and click the ‘Share This File’  button that appears in the drop-down window. 2.) When the pop-up box appears, you can either select to share with a user or a Group. a. If sharing with a single user, click on the ‘Share with Users’ tab. In addition, select the  ‘Name’ tab.  Simply type in the name of Berkadia employee into the box. After a few  characters have been entered, a drop-down selection box will appear with matching  results so that you can select the correct user.  If having trouble locating using, check the  ‘Search the entire Berkadia directory’ box. Select the user you wish to share the  document with. When the user has been selected, you may mark the checkbox ‘Notify via email’ so that  the user would know you have shared a file. Finally, for single-user sharing, click the ‘Share’ button next to the user’s name.      If sharing with a group, you must first create a group and add members to it. Click the ‘Share with  Groups Tab’. The list of available groups that have been created will be listed in the window.  When sharing with a group, you may select the checkbox ‘Notify via email’ so that they know you  have shared a file. Finally, group sharing; click the ‘Share’ button next to the group’s name. Sharing a File Externally (Third Party) 1.) After uploading a file, click on the file that you want to share and check the box next to ‘Public  Share’. 2.) Once the box is checked, you’ll be prompted to choose which e-mail addresses should receive  a link to the file you are sharing. You must also specify whether the share will expire after one  use, or whether it can be downloaded repeatedly.      By default, expiration date will be set for one week in advance. Enter the e-mail address of the recipient or recipients (separate multiple addresses with a ;) Check ‘Password Protect this public share’ if the file contains any confidential information or  PII If the file may be downloaded repeatedly or you have selected to password protect the  document, you must specify a password that must be entered before the file can be  downloaded. You will have to communicate this password to any intended recipients of the  file through some other secure means (phone, encrypted email, etc.). 3.) DO NOT include the password in the Notes field or send the password to a third party through  an un-encrypted e-mail). 4.) Once you click share, a publicly accessible URL to download the file will be created, any e-mail  addresses you’ve entered will be sent an email notifying them that the file is now available at  the generated URL, and the URL will be displayed. A sample of the generated e-mail is below 5.) You may view the publicly accessible download URL and send it to additional people by email  at any time after you share the file publicly on the ‘(view link)’ text next to the Public Share  checkbox.      Request Upload from Third Party 1.) Click the ‘Request Upload’ button located near the left corner of the ‘My Files’ page. 2.) When the pop-up box appears, you may select an expiration date (7 day limit), add a message  to send to third party (1000 character limit), and scan for viruses. By default, expiration date will be set for one week in advance. Enter the e-mail address of the third party If several files need to be transferred, select ‘Allow multiple file uploads for this request’ Note, if you set a password on the upload, don’t send the password via e-mail, call the person  or send a letter instead. Click ‘Create Request’ The third-party will get an e-mail similar to the message below: 3.)     3.) The third-party will get an e-mail similar to the message below: 4.) The link will lead to a page allowing the file upload: If you’ve allowed multiple file uploads, the recipient will be able to select and upload several  files, one at a time: 5.) Once the file or files are uploaded, you can download it to your computer. Click on the file  name to open the file menu. Click “Download This File” to download or open the document. Note that the file will expire in  seven days, when it expires it will be permanently deleted.      Need to Share the Documents with others? Learn about Sharing a File with Berkadia users and Third  Parties. Creating a Shared Group Often times you will need to share documents with the same group of people, depending on how  often this occurs, you may want to think about setting up Groups. 1.) Within the ‘My Files’ window, select “Manage Groups” 2.) Select “Add New Group”. Once selected, a box will appear below in which you can enter the  name of the Group. Click the ‘+’ sign to finish creating the group.     3.) Once Created, the group name will appear in the window below. Highlight the group and  select “Manage Group” 4.) Select the ‘Name’ tab.  Simply type in the name of Berkadia employee into the box. After a few  characters have been entered, a drop-down selection box will appear with matching results so  that you can select the correct user.  If having trouble locating using, check the ‘Search the  entire Berkadia directory’ box. Select the user you wish to add to the group. When the user has been selected, you may click on the “Add” button to add the user to the  group. If additional users need to be added to the group, Repeat Step 4. Otherwise, exit out of the  window by clicking on the “X” in the top-right corner of the window. 5.)    ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[774, 781]","Filelocker Filelocker Filelocker Filelocker Filelocker Filelocker Filelocker Filelocker Filelocker Filelocker   Sunday, March 13, 2016 3:17 PM Logging In 1.) 2.) 3.) Open a web browser and go to https://filelocker.berkadia.com Log in with your Berkadia User ID and Password Please DO NOT include gmaccm\ in your user name The first time you access FileLocker, the following Terms of Service page will appear. Please be  sure to read through the entire agreement before selecting I Agree. Uploading a File 1.) Click the ‘Upload’ button located near the top-right corner of the ‘My Files’ page. 2.) When the pop-up box appears, you may select an expiration date (7 day limit), add notes to  the file (250 character limit), and scan for viruses.     3.) 4.) Finally, click ‘Browse and Upload’ to select a file from your computer to upload to Filelocker  File page with the options previously specified. Congratulation, your file has been uploaded. Learn about Sharing a File with Berkadia users and Third Parties. Sharing a File Internally 1.) After uploading a file, click on the file that you want to share and click the ‘Share This File’  button that appears in the drop-down window. 2.) When the pop-up box appears, you can either select to share with a user or a Group. a. If sharing with a single user, click on the ‘Share with Users’ tab. In addition, select the  ‘Name’ tab.  Simply type in the name of Berkadia employee into the box. After a few  characters have been entered, a drop-down selection box will appear with matching  results so that you can select the correct user.  If having trouble locating using, check the  ‘Search the entire Berkadia directory’ box. Select the user you wish to share the  document with. When the user has been selected, you may mark the checkbox ‘Notify via email’ so that  the user would know you have shared a file. Finally, for single-user sharing, click the ‘Share’ button next to the user’s name.      If sharing with a group, you must first create a group and add members to it. Click the ‘Share with  Groups Tab’. The list of available groups that have been created will be listed in the window.  When sharing with a group, you may select the checkbox ‘Notify via email’ so that they know you  have shared a file. Finally, group sharing; click the ‘Share’ button next to the group’s name. Sharing a File Externally (Third Party) 1.) After uploading a file, click on the file that you want to share and check the box next to ‘Public  Share’. 2.) Once the box is checked, you’ll be prompted to choose which e-mail addresses should receive  a link to the file you are sharing. You must also specify whether the share will expire after one  use, or whether it can be downloaded repeatedly.      By default, expiration date will be set for one week in advance. Enter the e-mail address of the recipient or recipients (separate multiple addresses with a ;) Check ‘Password Protect this public share’ if the file contains any confidential information or  PII If the file may be downloaded repeatedly or you have selected to password protect the  document, you must specify a password that must be entered before the file can be  downloaded. You will have to communicate this password to any intended recipients of the  file through some other secure means (phone, encrypted email, etc.). 3.) DO NOT include the password in the Notes field or send the password to a third party through  an un-encrypted e-mail). 4.) Once you click share, a publicly accessible URL to download the file will be created, any e-mail  addresses you’ve entered will be sent an email notifying them that the file is now available at  the generated URL, and the URL will be displayed. A sample of the generated e-mail is below 5.) You may view the publicly accessible download URL and send it to additional people by email  at any time after you share the file publicly on the ‘(view link)’ text next to the Public Share  checkbox.      Request Upload from Third Party 1.) Click the ‘Request Upload’ button located near the left corner of the ‘My Files’ page. 2.) When the pop-up box appears, you may select an expiration date (7 day limit), add a message  to send to third party (1000 character limit), and scan for viruses. By default, expiration date will be set for one week in advance. Enter the e-mail address of the third party If several files need to be transferred, select ‘Allow multiple file uploads for this request’ Note, if you set a password on the upload, don’t send the password via e-mail, call the person  or send a letter instead. Click ‘Create Request’ The third-party will get an e-mail similar to the message below: 3.)     3.) The third-party will get an e-mail similar to the message below: 4.) The link will lead to a page allowing the file upload: If you’ve allowed multiple file uploads, the recipient will be able to select and upload several  files, one at a time: 5.) Once the file or files are uploaded, you can download it to your computer. Click on the file  name to open the file menu. Click “Download This File” to download or open the document. Note that the file will expire in  seven days, when it expires it will be permanently deleted.      Need to Share the Documents with others? Learn about Sharing a File with Berkadia users and Third  Parties. Creating a Shared Group Often times you will need to share documents with the same group of people, depending on how  often this occurs, you may want to think about setting up Groups. 1.) Within the ‘My Files’ window, select “Manage Groups” 2.) Select “Add New Group”. Once selected, a box will appear below in which you can enter the  name of the Group. Click the ‘+’ sign to finish creating the group.     3.) Once Created, the group name will appear in the window below. Highlight the group and  select “Manage Group” 4.) Select the ‘Name’ tab.  Simply type in the name of Berkadia employee into the box. After a few  characters have been entered, a drop-down selection box will appear with matching results so  that you can select the correct user.  If having trouble locating using, check the ‘Search the  entire Berkadia directory’ box. Select the user you wish to add to the group. When the user has been selected, you may click on the “Add” button to add the user to the  group. If additional users need to be added to the group, Repeat Step 4. Otherwise, exit out of the  window by clicking on the “X” in the top-right corner of the window. 5.)    ","filelocker filelocker filelocker filelocker filelocker filelocker filelocker filelocker filelocker filelocker sunday, march 13, 2016 3:17 pm log 1.) 2.) 3.) open web browser go https://filelocker.berkadia.com log berkadia user id password please include gmaccm\ user name first time access filelocker, follow term service page appear. please sure read entire agreement select agree. upload file 1.) click ‘upload’ button locate near top-right corner ‘my files’ page. 2.) pop-up box appears, may select expiration date (7 day limit), add note file (250 character limit), scan viruses. 3.) 4.) finally, click ‘browse upload’ select file computer upload filelocker file page options previously specified. congratulation, file uploaded. learn share file berkadia users third parties. share file internally 1.) upload file, click file want share click ‘share file’ button appear drop-down window. 2.) pop-up box appears, either select share user group. a. share single user, click ‘share users’ tab. addition, select ‘name’ tab. simply type name berkadia employee box. character entered, drop-down selection box appear match result select correct user. trouble locate using, check ‘search entire berkadia directory’ box. select user wish share document with. user selected, may mark checkbox ‘notify via email’ user would know share file. finally, single-user sharing, click ‘share’ button next user’s name. share group, must first create group add members it. click ‘share group tab’. list available group create list window. share group, may select checkbox ‘notify via email’ know share file. finally, group sharing; click ‘share’ button next group’s name. share file externally (third party) 1.) upload file, click file want share check box next ‘public share’. 2.) box checked, you’ll prompt choose e-mail address receive link file sharing. must also specify whether share expire one use, whether download repeatedly. default, expiration date set one week advance. enter e-mail address recipient recipients (separate multiple address ;) check ‘password protect public share’ file contain confidential information pii file may download repeatedly select password protect document, must specify password must enter file downloaded. communicate password intend recipients file secure mean (phone, encrypt email, etc.). 3.) include password note field send password third party un-encrypted e-mail). 4.) click share, publicly accessible url download file created, e-mail address you’ve enter send email notify file available generate url, url displayed. sample generate e-mail 5.) may view publicly accessible download url send additional people email time share file publicly ‘(view link)’ text next public share checkbox. request upload third party 1.) click ‘request upload’ button locate near leave corner ‘my files’ page. 2.) pop-up box appears, may select expiration date (7 day limit), add message send third party (1000 character limit), scan viruses. default, expiration date set one week advance. enter e-mail address third party several file need transferred, select ‘allow multiple file upload request’ note, set password upload, don’t send password via e-mail, call person send letter instead. click ‘create request’ third-party get e-mail similar message below: 3.) 3.) third-party get e-mail similar message below: 4.) link lead page allow file upload: you’ve allow multiple file uploads, recipient able select upload several files, one time: 5.) file file uploaded, download computer. click file name open file menu. click “download file” download open document. note file expire seven days, expire permanently deleted. need share document others learn share file berkadia users third parties. create share group often time need share document group people, depend often occurs, may want think set groups. 1.) within ‘my files’ window, select “manage groups” 2.) select “add new group”. selected, box appear enter name group. click ‘+’ sign finish create group. 3.) created, group name appear window below. highlight group select “manage group” 4.) select ‘name’ tab. simply type name berkadia employee box. character entered, drop-down selection box appear match result select correct user. trouble locate using, check ‘search entire berkadia directory’ box. select user wish add group. user selected, may click “add” button add user group. additional users need add group, repeat step 4. otherwise, exit window click “x” top-right corner window. 5.)","Filelocker Filelocker   Sunday, March 13, 2016 3:17 PM Logging In 1.) 2.) 3.) Open a web browser and go to https://filelocker.berkadia.com Log in with your Berkadia User ID and Password Please DO NOT include gmaccm\ in your user name The first time you access FileLocker, the following Terms of Service page will appear. Please be  sure to read through the entire agreement before selecting I Agree. Uploading a File 1.) Click the ‘Upload’ button located near the top-right corner of the ‘My Files’ page. 2.) When the pop-up box appears, you may select an expiration date (7 day limit), add notes to  the file (250 character limit), and scan for viruses.     3.) 4.) Finally, click ‘Browse and Upload’ to select a file from your computer to upload to Filelocker  File page with the options previously specified. Congratulation, your file has been uploaded. Learn about Sharing a File with Berkadia users and Third Parties. Sharing a File Internally 1.) After uploading a file, click on the file that you want to share and click the ‘Share This File’  button that appears in the drop-down window. 2.) When the pop-up box appears, you can either select to share with a user or a Group. a. If sharing with a single user, click on the ‘Share with Users’ tab. In addition, select the  ‘Name’ tab.  Simply type in the name of Berkadia employee into the box. After a few  characters have been entered, a drop-down selection box will appear with matching  results so that you can select the correct user.  If having trouble locating using, check the  ‘Search the entire Berkadia directory’ box. Select the user you wish to share the  document with. When the user has been selected, you may mark the checkbox ‘Notify via email’ so that  the user would know you have shared a file. Finally, for single-user sharing, click the ‘Share’ button next to the user’s name.      If sharing with a group, you must first create a group and add members to it. Click the ‘Share with  Groups Tab’. The list of available groups that have been created will be listed in the window.  When sharing with a group, you may select the checkbox ‘Notify via email’ so that they know you  have shared a file. Finally, group sharing; click the ‘Share’ button next to the group’s name. Sharing a File Externally (Third Party) 1.) After uploading a file, click on the file that you want to share and check the box next to ‘Public  Share’. 2.) Once the box is checked, you’ll be prompted to choose which e-mail addresses should receive  a link to the file you are sharing. You must also specify whether the share will expire after one  use, or whether it can be downloaded repeatedly.      By default, expiration date will be set for one week in advance. Enter the e-mail address of the recipient or recipients (separate multiple addresses with a ;) Check ‘Password Protect this public share’ if the file contains any confidential information or  PII If the file may be downloaded repeatedly or you have selected to password protect the  document, you must specify a password that must be entered before the file can be  downloaded. You will have to communicate this password to any intended recipients of the  file through some other secure means (phone, encrypted email, etc.). 3.) DO NOT include the password in the Notes field or send the password to a third party through  an un-encrypted e-mail). 4.) Once you click share, a publicly accessible URL to download the file will be created, any e-mail  addresses you’ve entered will be sent an email notifying them that the file is now available at  the generated URL, and the URL will be displayed. A sample of the generated e-mail is below 5.) You may view the publicly accessible download URL and send it to additional people by email  at any time after you share the file publicly on the ‘(view link)’ text next to the Public Share  checkbox.      Request Upload from Third Party 1.) Click the ‘Request Upload’ button located near the left corner of the ‘My Files’ page. 2.) When the pop-up box appears, you may select an expiration date (7 day limit), add a message  to send to third party (1000 character limit), and scan for viruses. By default, expiration date will be set for one week in advance. Enter the e-mail address of the third party If several files need to be transferred, select ‘Allow multiple file uploads for this request’ Note, if you set a password on the upload, don’t send the password via e-mail, call the person  or send a letter instead. Click ‘Create Request’ The third-party will get an e-mail similar to the message below: 3.)     3.) The third-party will get an e-mail similar to the message below: 4.) The link will lead to a page allowing the file upload: If you’ve allowed multiple file uploads, the recipient will be able to select and upload several  files, one at a time: 5.) Once the file or files are uploaded, you can download it to your computer. Click on the file  name to open the file menu. Click “Download This File” to download or open the document. Note that the file will expire in  seven days, when it expires it will be permanently deleted.      Need to Share the Documents with others? Learn about Sharing a File with Berkadia users and Third  Parties. Creating a Shared Group Often times you will need to share documents with the same group of people, depending on how  often this occurs, you may want to think about setting up Groups. 1.) Within the ‘My Files’ window, select “Manage Groups” 2.) Select “Add New Group”. Once selected, a box will appear below in which you can enter the  name of the Group. Click the ‘+’ sign to finish creating the group.     3.) Once Created, the group name will appear in the window below. Highlight the group and  select “Manage Group” 4.) Select the ‘Name’ tab.  Simply type in the name of Berkadia employee into the box. After a few  characters have been entered, a drop-down selection box will appear with matching results so  that you can select the correct user.  If having trouble locating using, check the ‘Search the  entire Berkadia directory’ box. Select the user you wish to add to the group. When the user has been selected, you may click on the “Add” button to add the user to the  group. If additional users need to be added to the group, Repeat Step 4. Otherwise, exit out of the  window by clicking on the “X” in the top-right corner of the window. 5.)    ","filelocker filelocker sunday, march 13, 2016 3:17 pm log 1.) 2.) 3.) open web browser go https://filelocker.berkadia.com log berkadia user id password please include gmaccm\ user name first time access filelocker, follow term service page appear. please sure read entire agreement select agree. upload file 1.) click ‘upload’ button locate near top-right corner ‘my files’ page. 2.) pop-up box appears, may select expiration date (7 day limit), add note file (250 character limit), scan viruses. 3.) 4.) finally, click ‘browse upload’ select file computer upload filelocker file page options previously specified. congratulation, file uploaded. learn share file berkadia users third parties. share file internally 1.) upload file, click file want share click ‘share file’ button appear drop-down window. 2.) pop-up box appears, either select share user group. a. share single user, click ‘share users’ tab. addition, select ‘name’ tab. simply type name berkadia employee box. character entered, drop-down selection box appear match result select correct user. trouble locate using, check ‘search entire berkadia directory’ box. select user wish share document with. user selected, may mark checkbox ‘notify via email’ user would know share file. finally, single-user sharing, click ‘share’ button next user’s name. share group, must first create group add members it. click ‘share group tab’. list available group create list window. share group, may select checkbox ‘notify via email’ know share file. finally, group sharing; click ‘share’ button next group’s name. share file externally (third party) 1.) upload file, click file want share check box next ‘public share’. 2.) box checked, you’ll prompt choose e-mail address receive link file sharing. must also specify whether share expire one use, whether download repeatedly. default, expiration date set one week advance. enter e-mail address recipient recipients (separate multiple address ;) check ‘password protect public share’ file contain confidential information pii file may download repeatedly select password protect document, must specify password must enter file downloaded. communicate password intend recipients file secure mean (phone, encrypt email, etc.). 3.) include password note field send password third party un-encrypted e-mail). 4.) click share, publicly accessible url download file created, e-mail address you’ve enter send email notify file available generate url, url displayed. sample generate e-mail 5.) may view publicly accessible download url send additional people email time share file publicly ‘(view link)’ text next public share checkbox. request upload third party 1.) click ‘request upload’ button locate near leave corner ‘my files’ page. 2.) pop-up box appears, may select expiration date (7 day limit), add message send third party (1000 character limit), scan viruses. default, expiration date set one week advance. enter e-mail address third party several file need transferred, select ‘allow multiple file upload request’ note, set password upload, don’t send password via e-mail, call person send letter instead. click ‘create request’ third-party get e-mail similar message below: 3.) 3.) third-party get e-mail similar message below: 4.) link lead page allow file upload: you’ve allow multiple file uploads, recipient able select upload several files, one time: 5.) file file uploaded, download computer. click file name open file menu. click “download file” download open document. note file expire seven days, expire permanently deleted. need share document others learn share file berkadia users third parties. create share group often time need share document group people, depend often occurs, may want think set groups. 1.) within ‘my files’ window, select “manage groups” 2.) select “add new group”. selected, box appear enter name group. click ‘+’ sign finish create group. 3.) created, group name appear window below. highlight group select “manage group” 4.) select ‘name’ tab. simply type name berkadia employee box. character entered, drop-down selection box appear match result select correct user. trouble locate using, check ‘search entire berkadia directory’ box. select user wish add group. user selected, may click “add” button add user group. additional users need add group, repeat step 4. otherwise, exit window click “x” top-right corner window. 5.)"
161,Finder shortcuts," Command-Option- Paste Style: Apply the copied style to the selected item. Command-Shift- Option-V Paste and Match Style: Apply the style of the surrounding  content to the item pasted within that content. Command-Option- Show or hide the inspector window. Command-Shift-P Page setup: Display a window for selecting document  settings. Command-Shift-S Display the Save As dialog, or duplicate the current  document. Decrease the size of the selected item. Command–Shift– Minus sign (-)     Command–Shift– Plus sign (+) Increase the size of the selected item. Command–Equal  sign (=) performs the same function. Open the Help menu. Command–Shift– Question mark (?)           Shortcut           Description Command-D Command-E Command-F Command-I Duplicate the selected files. Eject the selected disk or volume. Start a Spotlight search in the Finder window. Show the Get Info window for a selected file. Command-Shift-C Open the Computer window. Command-Shift-D Open the desktop folder. Command-Shift-F Open the All My Files window. Command-Shift-G Open a Go to Folder window. Command-Shift-H Open the Home folder of the current OS X user account. Command-Shift-I Open iCloud Drive. Command-Shift-K Open the Network window. Command-Option-L Open the Downloads folder. Command-Shift-O Open the Documents folder. Command-Shift-R Open the AirDrop window. Command-Shift-U Open the Utilities folder. Command-Option-D Show or hide the Dock. This often works even when you're  not in the Finder. Command-Control-T Add the selected item to the sidebar (OS X Mavericks or  later). Command-Option-P Hide or show the path bar in Finder windows.      Command-Option-S Hide or show the Sidebar in Finder windows. Command– Slash (/) Command-J Command-K Command-L Command-N Hide or show the status bar in Finder windows. Show View Options. Open the Connect to Server window. Make an alias of the selected item. Open a new Finder window. Command-Shift-N Create a new folder. Command-Option-N Create a new Smart Folder. Command-R Command-T Show the original file for the selected alias. Show or hide the tab bar when a single tab is open in the  current Finder window. Command-Shift-T Show or hide a Finder tab. Command-Option-T Show or hide the toolbar when a single tab is open in the  current Finder window. Command-Option-V Move: Move the files in the Clipboard from their original  location to the current location. Command-Option-Y View a Quick Look slideshow of the selected files. Command-Y Command-1 Command-2 Command-3 Command-4 Command– Left Bracket ([) Command– Right Bracket (]) Command–Up  Arrow Use Quick Look to preview the selected files. View the items in the Finder window as icons. View the items in a Finder window as a list. View the items in a Finder window in columns. View the items in a Finder window with Cover Flow. Go to the previous folder. Go to the next folder. Open the folder that contains the current folder. Command– Control–Up Arrow Open the folder that contains the current folder in a new  window. Command–Down  Arrow Open the selected item. Command– Mission Control Show the desktop. This works even when you're not in the  Finder. Command– Brightness Up Turn Target Display Mode on or off. Command– Brightness Down Turn display mirroring on or off when your Mac is  connected to more than one display.      Brightness Down connected to more than one display. Right Arrow Left Arrow Open the selected folder. This works only when in list view. Close the selected folder. This works only when in list view. Option–double- click Open a folder in a separate window and close the current  window. Command–double- click Open a folder in a separate tab or window. Command-Delete Move the selected item to the Trash. Command-Shift- Delete Command-Shift- Option-Delete Empty the Trash. Empty the Trash without confirmation dialog. Command-Y Use Quick Look to preview the files. Option– Brightness Up Open Displays preferences. This works with either  Brightness key. Option–Mission  Control Open Mission Control preferences. Option–Volume Up Open Sound preferences. This works with any of the  volume keys. Command key while  dragging Move the dragged item to another volume or location. The  pointer changes while you drag the item. Option key while dragging Copy the dragged item. The pointer changes while you drag  the item. Command-Option while  dragging Make an alias of the dragged item. The pointer changes  while you drag the item. Option-click a disclosure  triangle Open all folders within the selected folder. This works only  when in list view. Command-click a window  title See the folders that contain the current folder. Pasted from <https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201236>     ","[72, 0, 72, 468]","[505, 507]","Finder shortcuts Finder shortcuts Finder shortcuts Finder shortcuts Finder shortcuts Finder shortcuts Finder shortcuts Finder shortcuts Finder shortcuts Finder shortcuts   Command-Option- Paste Style: Apply the copied style to the selected item. Command-Shift- Option-V Paste and Match Style: Apply the style of the surrounding  content to the item pasted within that content. Command-Option- Show or hide the inspector window. Command-Shift-P Page setup: Display a window for selecting document  settings. Command-Shift-S Display the Save As dialog, or duplicate the current  document. Decrease the size of the selected item. Command–Shift– Minus sign (-)     Command–Shift– Plus sign (+) Increase the size of the selected item. Command–Equal  sign (=) performs the same function. Open the Help menu. Command–Shift– Question mark (?)           Shortcut           Description Command-D Command-E Command-F Command-I Duplicate the selected files. Eject the selected disk or volume. Start a Spotlight search in the Finder window. Show the Get Info window for a selected file. Command-Shift-C Open the Computer window. Command-Shift-D Open the desktop folder. Command-Shift-F Open the All My Files window. Command-Shift-G Open a Go to Folder window. Command-Shift-H Open the Home folder of the current OS X user account. Command-Shift-I Open iCloud Drive. Command-Shift-K Open the Network window. Command-Option-L Open the Downloads folder. Command-Shift-O Open the Documents folder. Command-Shift-R Open the AirDrop window. Command-Shift-U Open the Utilities folder. Command-Option-D Show or hide the Dock. This often works even when you're  not in the Finder. Command-Control-T Add the selected item to the sidebar (OS X Mavericks or  later). Command-Option-P Hide or show the path bar in Finder windows.      Command-Option-S Hide or show the Sidebar in Finder windows. Command– Slash (/) Command-J Command-K Command-L Command-N Hide or show the status bar in Finder windows. Show View Options. Open the Connect to Server window. Make an alias of the selected item. Open a new Finder window. Command-Shift-N Create a new folder. Command-Option-N Create a new Smart Folder. Command-R Command-T Show the original file for the selected alias. Show or hide the tab bar when a single tab is open in the  current Finder window. Command-Shift-T Show or hide a Finder tab. Command-Option-T Show or hide the toolbar when a single tab is open in the  current Finder window. Command-Option-V Move: Move the files in the Clipboard from their original  location to the current location. Command-Option-Y View a Quick Look slideshow of the selected files. Command-Y Command-1 Command-2 Command-3 Command-4 Command– Left Bracket ([) Command– Right Bracket (]) Command–Up  Arrow Use Quick Look to preview the selected files. View the items in the Finder window as icons. View the items in a Finder window as a list. View the items in a Finder window in columns. View the items in a Finder window with Cover Flow. Go to the previous folder. Go to the next folder. Open the folder that contains the current folder. Command– Control–Up Arrow Open the folder that contains the current folder in a new  window. Command–Down  Arrow Open the selected item. Command– Mission Control Show the desktop. This works even when you're not in the  Finder. Command– Brightness Up Turn Target Display Mode on or off. Command– Brightness Down Turn display mirroring on or off when your Mac is  connected to more than one display.      Brightness Down connected to more than one display. Right Arrow Left Arrow Open the selected folder. This works only when in list view. Close the selected folder. This works only when in list view. Option–double- click Open a folder in a separate window and close the current  window. Command–double- click Open a folder in a separate tab or window. Command-Delete Move the selected item to the Trash. Command-Shift- Delete Command-Shift- Option-Delete Empty the Trash. Empty the Trash without confirmation dialog. Command-Y Use Quick Look to preview the files. Option– Brightness Up Open Displays preferences. This works with either  Brightness key. Option–Mission  Control Open Mission Control preferences. Option–Volume Up Open Sound preferences. This works with any of the  volume keys. Command key while  dragging Move the dragged item to another volume or location. The  pointer changes while you drag the item. Option key while dragging Copy the dragged item. The pointer changes while you drag  the item. Command-Option while  dragging Make an alias of the dragged item. The pointer changes  while you drag the item. Option-click a disclosure  triangle Open all folders within the selected folder. This works only  when in list view. Command-click a window  title See the folders that contain the current folder. Pasted from <https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201236>     ","finder shortcuts finder shortcuts finder shortcuts finder shortcuts finder shortcuts finder shortcuts finder shortcuts finder shortcuts finder shortcuts finder shortcuts command-option- paste style: apply copy style select item. command-shift- option-v paste match style: apply style surround content item paste within content. command-option- show hide inspector window. command-shift-p page setup: display window select document settings. command-shift-s display save dialog, duplicate current document. decrease size select item. command–shift– minus sign (-) command–shift– plus sign (+) increase size select item. command–equal sign (=) perform function. open help menu. command–shift– question mark () shortcut description command-d command-e command-f command-i duplicate select files. eject select disk volume. start spotlight search finder window. show get info window select file. command-shift-c open computer window. command-shift-d open desktop folder. command-shift-f open file window. command-shift-g open go folder window. command-shift-h open home folder current os x user account. command-shift-i open icloud drive. command-shift-k open network window. command-option-l open download folder. command-shift-o open document folder. command-shift-r open airdrop window. command-shift-u open utilities folder. command-option-d show hide dock. often work even finder. command-control-t add select item sidebar (os x mavericks later). command-option-p hide show path bar finder windows. command-option-s hide show sidebar finder windows. command– slash (/) command-j command-k command-l command-n hide show status bar finder windows. show view options. open connect server window. make alias select item. open new finder window. command-shift-n create new folder. command-option-n create new smart folder. command-r command-t show original file select alias. show hide tab bar single tab open current finder window. command-shift-t show hide finder tab. command-option-t show hide toolbar single tab open current finder window. command-option-v move: move file clipboard original location current location. command-option-y view quick look slideshow select files. command-y command-1 command-2 command-3 command-4 command– leave bracket ([) command– right bracket (]) command–up arrow use quick look preview select files. view items finder window icons. view items finder window list. view items finder window columns. view items finder window cover flow. go previous folder. go next folder. open folder contain current folder. command– control–up arrow open folder contain current folder new window. command–down arrow open select item. command– mission control show desktop. work even finder. command– brightness turn target display mode off. command– brightness turn display mirror mac connect one display. brightness connect one display. right arrow leave arrow open select folder. work list view. close select folder. work list view. option–double- click open folder separate window close current window. command–double- click open folder separate tab window. command-delete move select item trash. command-shift- delete command-shift- option-delete empty trash. empty trash without confirmation dialog. command-y use quick look preview files. option– brightness open display preferences. work either brightness key. option–mission control open mission control preferences. option–volume open sound preferences. work volume keys. command key drag move drag item another volume location. pointer change drag item. option key drag copy drag item. pointer change drag item. command-option drag make alias drag item. pointer change drag item. option-click disclosure triangle open folders within select folder. work list view. command-click window title see folders contain current folder. paste <https://support.apple.com/en-us/ht201236>","Finder shortcuts Finder shortcuts   Command-Option- Paste Style: Apply the copied style to the selected item. Command-Shift- Option-V Paste and Match Style: Apply the style of the surrounding  content to the item pasted within that content. Command-Option- Show or hide the inspector window. Command-Shift-P Page setup: Display a window for selecting document  settings. Command-Shift-S Display the Save As dialog, or duplicate the current  document. Decrease the size of the selected item. Command–Shift– Minus sign (-)     Command–Shift– Plus sign (+) Increase the size of the selected item. Command–Equal  sign (=) performs the same function. Open the Help menu. Command–Shift– Question mark (?)           Shortcut           Description Command-D Command-E Command-F Command-I Duplicate the selected files. Eject the selected disk or volume. Start a Spotlight search in the Finder window. Show the Get Info window for a selected file. Command-Shift-C Open the Computer window. Command-Shift-D Open the desktop folder. Command-Shift-F Open the All My Files window. Command-Shift-G Open a Go to Folder window. Command-Shift-H Open the Home folder of the current OS X user account. Command-Shift-I Open iCloud Drive. Command-Shift-K Open the Network window. Command-Option-L Open the Downloads folder. Command-Shift-O Open the Documents folder. Command-Shift-R Open the AirDrop window. Command-Shift-U Open the Utilities folder. Command-Option-D Show or hide the Dock. This often works even when you're  not in the Finder. Command-Control-T Add the selected item to the sidebar (OS X Mavericks or  later). Command-Option-P Hide or show the path bar in Finder windows.      Command-Option-S Hide or show the Sidebar in Finder windows. Command– Slash (/) Command-J Command-K Command-L Command-N Hide or show the status bar in Finder windows. Show View Options. Open the Connect to Server window. Make an alias of the selected item. Open a new Finder window. Command-Shift-N Create a new folder. Command-Option-N Create a new Smart Folder. Command-R Command-T Show the original file for the selected alias. Show or hide the tab bar when a single tab is open in the  current Finder window. Command-Shift-T Show or hide a Finder tab. Command-Option-T Show or hide the toolbar when a single tab is open in the  current Finder window. Command-Option-V Move: Move the files in the Clipboard from their original  location to the current location. Command-Option-Y View a Quick Look slideshow of the selected files. Command-Y Command-1 Command-2 Command-3 Command-4 Command– Left Bracket ([) Command– Right Bracket (]) Command–Up  Arrow Use Quick Look to preview the selected files. View the items in the Finder window as icons. View the items in a Finder window as a list. View the items in a Finder window in columns. View the items in a Finder window with Cover Flow. Go to the previous folder. Go to the next folder. Open the folder that contains the current folder. Command– Control–Up Arrow Open the folder that contains the current folder in a new  window. Command–Down  Arrow Open the selected item. Command– Mission Control Show the desktop. This works even when you're not in the  Finder. Command– Brightness Up Turn Target Display Mode on or off. Command– Brightness Down Turn display mirroring on or off when your Mac is  connected to more than one display.      Brightness Down connected to more than one display. Right Arrow Left Arrow Open the selected folder. This works only when in list view. Close the selected folder. This works only when in list view. Option–double- click Open a folder in a separate window and close the current  window. Command–double- click Open a folder in a separate tab or window. Command-Delete Move the selected item to the Trash. Command-Shift- Delete Command-Shift- Option-Delete Empty the Trash. Empty the Trash without confirmation dialog. Command-Y Use Quick Look to preview the files. Option– Brightness Up Open Displays preferences. This works with either  Brightness key. Option–Mission  Control Open Mission Control preferences. Option–Volume Up Open Sound preferences. This works with any of the  volume keys. Command key while  dragging Move the dragged item to another volume or location. The  pointer changes while you drag the item. Option key while dragging Copy the dragged item. The pointer changes while you drag  the item. Command-Option while  dragging Make an alias of the dragged item. The pointer changes  while you drag the item. Option-click a disclosure  triangle Open all folders within the selected folder. This works only  when in list view. Command-click a window  title See the folders that contain the current folder. Pasted from <https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201236>     ","finder shortcuts finder shortcuts command-option- paste style: apply copy style select item. command-shift- option-v paste match style: apply style surround content item paste within content. command-option- show hide inspector window. command-shift-p page setup: display window select document settings. command-shift-s display save dialog, duplicate current document. decrease size select item. command–shift– minus sign (-) command–shift– plus sign (+) increase size select item. command–equal sign (=) perform function. open help menu. command–shift– question mark () shortcut description command-d command-e command-f command-i duplicate select files. eject select disk volume. start spotlight search finder window. show get info window select file. command-shift-c open computer window. command-shift-d open desktop folder. command-shift-f open file window. command-shift-g open go folder window. command-shift-h open home folder current os x user account. command-shift-i open icloud drive. command-shift-k open network window. command-option-l open download folder. command-shift-o open document folder. command-shift-r open airdrop window. command-shift-u open utilities folder. command-option-d show hide dock. often work even finder. command-control-t add select item sidebar (os x mavericks later). command-option-p hide show path bar finder windows. command-option-s hide show sidebar finder windows. command– slash (/) command-j command-k command-l command-n hide show status bar finder windows. show view options. open connect server window. make alias select item. open new finder window. command-shift-n create new folder. command-option-n create new smart folder. command-r command-t show original file select alias. show hide tab bar single tab open current finder window. command-shift-t show hide finder tab. command-option-t show hide toolbar single tab open current finder window. command-option-v move: move file clipboard original location current location. command-option-y view quick look slideshow select files. command-y command-1 command-2 command-3 command-4 command– leave bracket ([) command– right bracket (]) command–up arrow use quick look preview select files. view items finder window icons. view items finder window list. view items finder window columns. view items finder window cover flow. go previous folder. go next folder. open folder contain current folder. command– control–up arrow open folder contain current folder new window. command–down arrow open select item. command– mission control show desktop. work even finder. command– brightness turn target display mode off. command– brightness turn display mirror mac connect one display. brightness connect one display. right arrow leave arrow open select folder. work list view. close select folder. work list view. option–double- click open folder separate window close current window. command–double- click open folder separate tab window. command-delete move select item trash. command-shift- delete command-shift- option-delete empty trash. empty trash without confirmation dialog. command-y use quick look preview files. option– brightness open display preferences. work either brightness key. option–mission control open mission control preferences. option–volume open sound preferences. work volume keys. command key drag move drag item another volume location. pointer change drag item. option key drag copy drag item. pointer change drag item. command-option drag make alias drag item. pointer change drag item. option-click disclosure triangle open folders within select folder. work list view. command-click window title see folders contain current folder. paste <https://support.apple.com/en-us/ht201236>"
162,Focused Inbox," Tuesday, February 20, 2018 8:08 AM Focused inbox not displaying all mail - The Focused Inbox is optional and can easily be turned off  by un-selecting “Show Focused Inbox” in the image below under the View tab.  https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Focused-Inbox-for-Outlook-f445ad7f-02f4-4294- a82e-71d8964e3978 You will also likely find this feature on portal.office.com for any users that are  currently in Exchange online. The process to turn this off within web/browser based email involves  the following: Browse to portal.office.com, enter username@berkadia.com if prompted. Select the ”gear”  in the upper right hand corner and then select Mail. A new options window will open, select Focused Inbox on the left hand column, then “Don’t  sort messages” in the frame on the right.  click “Save.”    ","[72, 0, 183, 775]",[262],"Focused Inbox Focused Inbox Focused Inbox Focused Inbox Focused Inbox Focused Inbox Focused Inbox Focused Inbox Focused Inbox Focused Inbox   Tuesday, February 20, 2018 8:08 AM Focused inbox not displaying all mail - The Focused Inbox is optional and can easily be turned off  by un-selecting “Show Focused Inbox” in the image below under the View tab.  https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Focused-Inbox-for-Outlook-f445ad7f-02f4-4294- a82e-71d8964e3978 You will also likely find this feature on portal.office.com for any users that are  currently in Exchange online. The process to turn this off within web/browser based email involves  the following: Browse to portal.office.com, enter username@berkadia.com if prompted. Select the ”gear”  in the upper right hand corner and then select Mail. A new options window will open, select Focused Inbox on the left hand column, then “Don’t  sort messages” in the frame on the right.  click “Save.”    ","focus inbox focus inbox focus inbox focus inbox focus inbox focus inbox focus inbox focus inbox focus inbox focus inbox tuesday, february 20, 2018 8:08 focus inbox display mail - focus inbox optional easily turn un-selecting “show focus inbox” image view tab. https://support.office.com/en-us/article/focused-inbox-for-outlook-f445ad7f-02f4-4294- a82e-71d8964e3978 also likely find feature portal.office.com users currently exchange online. process turn within web/browser base email involve following: browse portal.office.com, enter username@berkadia.com prompted. select ”gear” upper right hand corner select mail. new options window open, select focus inbox leave hand column, “don’t sort messages” frame right. click “save.”","Focused Inbox Focused Inbox   Tuesday, February 20, 2018 8:08 AM Focused inbox not displaying all mail - The Focused Inbox is optional and can easily be turned off  by un-selecting “Show Focused Inbox” in the image below under the View tab.  https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Focused-Inbox-for-Outlook-f445ad7f-02f4-4294- a82e-71d8964e3978 You will also likely find this feature on portal.office.com for any users that are  currently in Exchange online. The process to turn this off within web/browser based email involves  the following: Browse to portal.office.com, enter username@berkadia.com if prompted. Select the ”gear”  in the upper right hand corner and then select Mail. A new options window will open, select Focused Inbox on the left hand column, then “Don’t  sort messages” in the frame on the right.  click “Save.”    ","focus inbox focus inbox tuesday, february 20, 2018 8:08 focus inbox display mail - focus inbox optional easily turn un-selecting “show focus inbox” image view tab. https://support.office.com/en-us/article/focused-inbox-for-outlook-f445ad7f-02f4-4294- a82e-71d8964e3978 also likely find feature portal.office.com users currently exchange online. process turn within web/browser base email involve following: browse portal.office.com, enter username@berkadia.com prompted. select ”gear” upper right hand corner select mail. new options window open, select focus inbox leave hand column, “don’t sort messages” frame right. click “save.”"
163,Follow You Print - Mac," Monday, May 16, 2016 4:20 PM MAC If you are using Mac OS X 10.7 (Lion), 10.8 (Mountain Lion), and 10.9 (Mavericks), use the following instructions to connect to the network printers. 1.Open System Preferences. 2.Click on Print & Scan. 3.Click the ( + ) on the bottom left to add a printer. 4.A new window will appear. Right-click the toolbar at the top and select Customize Toolbar …     5.Drag the “Advanced” icon into the toolbar to the right of the Windows icon. Click Done. Then click on Advanced. 6.From the Type drop-down menu, select 'Windows printer via spoolss'. 7.Using the following format(smb://Server/ShareName) in the URL field, enter the Server and Share Name of the following network printer. Then click Add. URL: smb://pa508prsrv1.gmaccm.com/FollowYouPrint Name: FollowYouPrint Use: Generic PCL Printer *For color printing use Generic PostScript Printer instead     8.A new window will appear. Check the box for Duplexer then click OK. To Collect Your Print Job from a Printer Using Print-Pooling You will need your ID card to retrieve your print job. If you don't have your ID card, you can use your Proximity number (located on the back of your ID card, lower right side) Retrieve your print job by walking to the least busy printer, and swiping your ID card or entering your Proximity number. Prints are stored in queue for 2 hours, and then discarded.    ","[55, 4, 55, 782]","[1102, 1104]","Follow You Print - Mac Follow You Print - Mac Follow You Print - Mac Follow You Print - Mac Follow You Print - Mac Follow You Print - Mac Follow You Print - Mac Follow You Print - Mac Follow You Print - Mac Follow You Print - Mac   Monday, May 16, 2016 4:20 PM MAC If you are using Mac OS X 10.7 (Lion), 10.8 (Mountain Lion), and 10.9 (Mavericks), use the following instructions to connect to the network printers. 1.Open System Preferences. 2.Click on Print & Scan. 3.Click the ( + ) on the bottom left to add a printer. 4.A new window will appear. Right-click the toolbar at the top and select Customize Toolbar …     5.Drag the “Advanced” icon into the toolbar to the right of the Windows icon. Click Done. Then click on Advanced. 6.From the Type drop-down menu, select 'Windows printer via spoolss'. 7.Using the following format(smb://Server/ShareName) in the URL field, enter the Server and Share Name of the following network printer. Then click Add. URL: smb://pa508prsrv1.gmaccm.com/FollowYouPrint Name: FollowYouPrint Use: Generic PCL Printer *For color printing use Generic PostScript Printer instead     8.A new window will appear. Check the box for Duplexer then click OK. To Collect Your Print Job from a Printer Using Print-Pooling You will need your ID card to retrieve your print job. If you don't have your ID card, you can use your Proximity number (located on the back of your ID card, lower right side) Retrieve your print job by walking to the least busy printer, and swiping your ID card or entering your Proximity number. Prints are stored in queue for 2 hours, and then discarded.    ","follow print - mac follow print - mac follow print - mac follow print - mac follow print - mac follow print - mac follow print - mac follow print - mac follow print - mac follow print - mac monday, may 16, 2016 4:20 pm mac use mac os x 10.7 (lion), 10.8 (mountain lion), 10.9 (mavericks), use follow instructions connect network printers. 1.open system preferences. 2.click print & scan. 3.click ( + ) bottom leave add printer. 4.a new window appear. right-click toolbar top select customize toolbar … 5.drag “advanced” icon toolbar right windows icon. click done. click advanced. 6.from type drop-down menu, select 'windows printer via spoolss'. 7.using follow format(smb://server/sharename) url field, enter server share name follow network printer. click add. url: smb://pa508prsrv1.gmaccm.com/followyouprint name: followyouprint use: generic pcl printer *for color print use generic postscript printer instead 8.a new window appear. check box duplexer click ok. collect print job printer use print-pooling you need id card retrieve print job. if id card, use proximity number (located back id card, lower right side) retrieve print job walk least busy printer, swipe id card enter proximity number. prints store queue 2 hours, discarded.","Follow You Print - Mac Follow You Print - Mac   Monday, May 16, 2016 4:20 PM MAC If you are using Mac OS X 10.7 (Lion), 10.8 (Mountain Lion), and 10.9 (Mavericks), use the following instructions to connect to the network printers. 1.Open System Preferences. 2.Click on Print & Scan. 3.Click the ( + ) on the bottom left to add a printer. 4.A new window will appear. Right-click the toolbar at the top and select Customize Toolbar …     5.Drag the “Advanced” icon into the toolbar to the right of the Windows icon. Click Done. Then click on Advanced. 6.From the Type drop-down menu, select 'Windows printer via spoolss'. 7.Using the following format(smb://Server/ShareName) in the URL field, enter the Server and Share Name of the following network printer. Then click Add. URL: smb://pa508prsrv1.gmaccm.com/FollowYouPrint Name: FollowYouPrint Use: Generic PCL Printer *For color printing use Generic PostScript Printer instead     8.A new window will appear. Check the box for Duplexer then click OK. To Collect Your Print Job from a Printer Using Print-Pooling You will need your ID card to retrieve your print job. If you don't have your ID card, you can use your Proximity number (located on the back of your ID card, lower right side) Retrieve your print job by walking to the least busy printer, and swiping your ID card or entering your Proximity number. Prints are stored in queue for 2 hours, and then discarded.    ","follow print - mac follow print - mac monday, may 16, 2016 4:20 pm mac use mac os x 10.7 (lion), 10.8 (mountain lion), 10.9 (mavericks), use follow instructions connect network printers. 1.open system preferences. 2.click print & scan. 3.click ( + ) bottom leave add printer. 4.a new window appear. right-click toolbar top select customize toolbar … 5.drag “advanced” icon toolbar right windows icon. click done. click advanced. 6.from type drop-down menu, select 'windows printer via spoolss'. 7.using follow format(smb://server/sharename) url field, enter server share name follow network printer. click add. url: smb://pa508prsrv1.gmaccm.com/followyouprint name: followyouprint use: generic pcl printer *for color print use generic postscript printer instead 8.a new window appear. check box duplexer click ok. collect print job printer use print-pooling you need id card retrieve print job. if id card, use proximity number (located back id card, lower right side) retrieve print job walk least busy printer, swipe id card enter proximity number. prints store queue 2 hours, discarded."
164,Font Installation - General," Wednesday, July 18, 2018 2:57 PM Font installation for general user will require you to remote to the user with admin credentials. https://www.groovypost.com/howto/install-fonts-windows-10/    ","[72, 0, 177, 775]",[204],"Font Installation - General Font Installation - General Font Installation - General Font Installation - General Font Installation - General Font Installation - General Font Installation - General Font Installation - General Font Installation - General Font Installation - General   Wednesday, July 18, 2018 2:57 PM Font installation for general user will require you to remote to the user with admin credentials. https://www.groovypost.com/howto/install-fonts-windows-10/    ","font installation - general font installation - general font installation - general font installation - general font installation - general font installation - general font installation - general font installation - general font installation - general font installation - general wednesday, july 18, 2018 2:57 pm font installation general user require remote user admin credentials. https://www.groovypost.com/howto/install-fonts-windows-10/","Font Installation - General Font Installation - General   Wednesday, July 18, 2018 2:57 PM Font installation for general user will require you to remote to the user with admin credentials. https://www.groovypost.com/howto/install-fonts-windows-10/    ","font installation - general font installation - general wednesday, july 18, 2018 2:57 pm font installation general user require remote user admin credentials. https://www.groovypost.com/howto/install-fonts-windows-10/"
165,Forticlient Certificate Repair and Troubleshooting," Tuesday, March 15, 2016 8:58 PM Most issues with Forticlient can be narrowed down to a few specific issues. 1. Host Checking requirements error: This is caused by either the user launching Forticlient before all relevant services have been started. Wait another 60-90  seconds and reattempt connecting, then It should work. If it does not then it's related to some outdated SCEP/Antivirus  definitions. Open SCEP from the system tray, click on update tab and click update.  This should automatically download new definitions within 5 minutes depending on connection speed. 2. Unable to Establish VPN connection:      This typically indicates that the user does not have functional connection. They can be in a hotel, or connected to some  type of public Wi-Fi  that requires an additional login through a browser, prior to launching forticlient. It can even be a  simple matter of their wifi/ethernet cable not being connected.  It's recommended to test Forticlient with a physical  ethernet cable if you encounter this. The user may also need to power off/unplug their modem and router, allow those  devices to restart, then reattempt the connection to Forticlient. 3. Certificate Error: This error can crop up for a variety of reasons. You should verify that the user is entering the correct password. Also  confirm that the certificate that ends in ""Cert2"" is selected from the drop down menu in Forticlient.       If that does not resolve the issue then you will need to perform the following on the user's PC . If the user is not in the  office and all other troubleshooting has failed the only other method to resolve this is logging into a local pc on the  network with the users credentials and performing the following: Run MMC.exe from start menu Ctl + M to open add/remove snap-in       Select Certificates and hit the Add button and Choose  My user account Click next and select Local Computer and hit Finish Hit OK to close add remove Snap-in and back to the console Open the Personal > Certificates folder and it should show all the Berkadia Certificates.  You can deleted these if need be.       Then to request new Certificates Right click the Certificates folder > All Tasks  > Request New Certificate. You'll need to  click next twice, then check the box next to Berkadia User seen below, then click enroll and finish. As you can see below, you may also need to delete some duplicate certificates as seen below. Delete any duplicate or   expired certificates related to Berkadia. At this point if you're working with the actual user's PC you should be done. If working with a local PC in the office with  the user's credentials, you'll need to export the certificates and send to the user zipped via email or filelocker.      the user's credentials, you'll need to export the certificates and send to the user zipped via email or filelocker. You can follow this process for exporting: Right click correct certificate, select all tasks-> export.  Click Next, Yes export private key. Then check the boxes below, then click next. Type a secure password, type again to confirm, click next.\      Name the file, save it, click finish. The last step here is to zip the file with Windows or 7zip. Then send to the user via filelocker. You'll then have the ability to download/unzip the file on the user's computer. Double click the file then proceed  through the import wizard.      Enter password when prompted. Include  all extended properties, click next. Automatically select the certificate store, click next then finish on final screen.      You should now be able to access mmc on the user's PC, confirm the new cert is there and delete any duplicates using  the method described above. Test FortiClient again.    ","[63, 2, 63, 779]","[162, 170]","Forticlient Certificate Repair and Troubleshooting Forticlient Certificate Repair and Troubleshooting Forticlient Certificate Repair and Troubleshooting Forticlient Certificate Repair and Troubleshooting Forticlient Certificate Repair and Troubleshooting Forticlient Certificate Repair and Troubleshooting Forticlient Certificate Repair and Troubleshooting Forticlient Certificate Repair and Troubleshooting Forticlient Certificate Repair and Troubleshooting Forticlient Certificate Repair and Troubleshooting   Tuesday, March 15, 2016 8:58 PM Most issues with Forticlient can be narrowed down to a few specific issues. 1. Host Checking requirements error: This is caused by either the user launching Forticlient before all relevant services have been started. Wait another 60-90  seconds and reattempt connecting, then It should work. If it does not then it's related to some outdated SCEP/Antivirus  definitions. Open SCEP from the system tray, click on update tab and click update.  This should automatically download new definitions within 5 minutes depending on connection speed. 2. Unable to Establish VPN connection:      This typically indicates that the user does not have functional connection. They can be in a hotel, or connected to some  type of public Wi-Fi  that requires an additional login through a browser, prior to launching forticlient. It can even be a  simple matter of their wifi/ethernet cable not being connected.  It's recommended to test Forticlient with a physical  ethernet cable if you encounter this. The user may also need to power off/unplug their modem and router, allow those  devices to restart, then reattempt the connection to Forticlient. 3. Certificate Error: This error can crop up for a variety of reasons. You should verify that the user is entering the correct password. Also  confirm that the certificate that ends in ""Cert2"" is selected from the drop down menu in Forticlient.       If that does not resolve the issue then you will need to perform the following on the user's PC . If the user is not in the  office and all other troubleshooting has failed the only other method to resolve this is logging into a local pc on the  network with the users credentials and performing the following: Run MMC.exe from start menu Ctl + M to open add/remove snap-in       Select Certificates and hit the Add button and Choose  My user account Click next and select Local Computer and hit Finish Hit OK to close add remove Snap-in and back to the console Open the Personal > Certificates folder and it should show all the Berkadia Certificates.  You can deleted these if need be.       Then to request new Certificates Right click the Certificates folder > All Tasks  > Request New Certificate. You'll need to  click next twice, then check the box next to Berkadia User seen below, then click enroll and finish. As you can see below, you may also need to delete some duplicate certificates as seen below. Delete any duplicate or   expired certificates related to Berkadia. At this point if you're working with the actual user's PC you should be done. If working with a local PC in the office with  the user's credentials, you'll need to export the certificates and send to the user zipped via email or filelocker.      the user's credentials, you'll need to export the certificates and send to the user zipped via email or filelocker. You can follow this process for exporting: Right click correct certificate, select all tasks-> export.  Click Next, Yes export private key. Then check the boxes below, then click next. Type a secure password, type again to confirm, click next.\      Name the file, save it, click finish. The last step here is to zip the file with Windows or 7zip. Then send to the user via filelocker. You'll then have the ability to download/unzip the file on the user's computer. Double click the file then proceed  through the import wizard.      Enter password when prompted. Include  all extended properties, click next. Automatically select the certificate store, click next then finish on final screen.      You should now be able to access mmc on the user's PC, confirm the new cert is there and delete any duplicates using  the method described above. Test FortiClient again.    ","forticlient certificate repair troubleshoot forticlient certificate repair troubleshoot forticlient certificate repair troubleshoot forticlient certificate repair troubleshoot forticlient certificate repair troubleshoot forticlient certificate repair troubleshoot forticlient certificate repair troubleshoot forticlient certificate repair troubleshoot forticlient certificate repair troubleshoot forticlient certificate repair troubleshoot tuesday, march 15, 2016 8:58 pm issue forticlient narrow specific issues. 1. host check requirements error: cause either user launch forticlient relevant service started. wait another 60-90 second reattempt connecting, work. relate outdated scep/antivirus definitions. open scep system tray, click update tab click update. automatically download new definitions within 5 minutes depend connection speed. 2. unable establish vpn connection: typically indicate user functional connection. hotel, connect type public wi-fi require additional login browser, prior launch forticlient. even simple matter wifi/ethernet cable connected. recommend test forticlient physical ethernet cable encounter this. user may also need power off/unplug modem router, allow devices restart, reattempt connection forticlient. 3. certificate error: error crop variety reasons. verify user enter correct password. also confirm certificate end ""cert2"" select drop menu forticlient. resolve issue need perform follow user's pc . user office troubleshoot fail method resolve log local pc network users credentials perform following: run mmc.exe start menu ctl + open add/remove snap-in select certificate hit add button choose user account click next select local computer hit finish hit ok close add remove snap-in back console open personal > certificate folder show berkadia certificates. delete need be. request new certificate right click certificate folder > task > request new certificate. need click next twice, check box next berkadia user see below, click enroll finish. see below, may also need delete duplicate certificate see below. delete duplicate expire certificate relate berkadia. point work actual user's pc done. work local pc office user's credentials, need export certificate send user zip via email filelocker. user's credentials, need export certificate send user zip via email filelocker. follow process exporting: right click correct certificate, select tasks-> export. click next, yes export private key. check box below, click next. type secure password, type confirm, click next.\ name file, save it, click finish. last step zip file windows 7zip. send user via filelocker. ability download/unzip file user's computer. double click file proceed import wizard. enter password prompted. include extend properties, click next. automatically select certificate store, click next finish final screen. able access mmc user's pc, confirm new cert delete duplicate use method describe above. test forticlient again.","Forticlient Certificate Repair and Troubleshooting Forticlient Certificate Repair and Troubleshooting   Tuesday, March 15, 2016 8:58 PM Most issues with Forticlient can be narrowed down to a few specific issues. 1. Host Checking requirements error: This is caused by either the user launching Forticlient before all relevant services have been started. Wait another 60-90  seconds and reattempt connecting, then It should work. If it does not then it's related to some outdated SCEP/Antivirus  definitions. Open SCEP from the system tray, click on update tab and click update.  This should automatically download new definitions within 5 minutes depending on connection speed. 2. Unable to Establish VPN connection:      This typically indicates that the user does not have functional connection. They can be in a hotel, or connected to some  type of public Wi-Fi  that requires an additional login through a browser, prior to launching forticlient. It can even be a  simple matter of their wifi/ethernet cable not being connected.  It's recommended to test Forticlient with a physical  ethernet cable if you encounter this. The user may also need to power off/unplug their modem and router, allow those  devices to restart, then reattempt the connection to Forticlient. 3. Certificate Error: This error can crop up for a variety of reasons. You should verify that the user is entering the correct password. Also  confirm that the certificate that ends in ""Cert2"" is selected from the drop down menu in Forticlient.       If that does not resolve the issue then you will need to perform the following on the user's PC . If the user is not in the  office and all other troubleshooting has failed the only other method to resolve this is logging into a local pc on the  network with the users credentials and performing the following: Run MMC.exe from start menu Ctl + M to open add/remove snap-in       Select Certificates and hit the Add button and Choose  My user account Click next and select Local Computer and hit Finish Hit OK to close add remove Snap-in and back to the console Open the Personal > Certificates folder and it should show all the Berkadia Certificates.  You can deleted these if need be.       Then to request new Certificates Right click the Certificates folder > All Tasks  > Request New Certificate. You'll need to  click next twice, then check the box next to Berkadia User seen below, then click enroll and finish. As you can see below, you may also need to delete some duplicate certificates as seen below. Delete any duplicate or   expired certificates related to Berkadia. At this point if you're working with the actual user's PC you should be done. If working with a local PC in the office with  the user's credentials, you'll need to export the certificates and send to the user zipped via email or filelocker.      the user's credentials, you'll need to export the certificates and send to the user zipped via email or filelocker. You can follow this process for exporting: Right click correct certificate, select all tasks-> export.  Click Next, Yes export private key. Then check the boxes below, then click next. Type a secure password, type again to confirm, click next.\      Name the file, save it, click finish. The last step here is to zip the file with Windows or 7zip. Then send to the user via filelocker. You'll then have the ability to download/unzip the file on the user's computer. Double click the file then proceed  through the import wizard.      Enter password when prompted. Include  all extended properties, click next. Automatically select the certificate store, click next then finish on final screen.      You should now be able to access mmc on the user's PC, confirm the new cert is there and delete any duplicates using  the method described above. Test FortiClient again.    ","forticlient certificate repair troubleshoot forticlient certificate repair troubleshoot tuesday, march 15, 2016 8:58 pm issue forticlient narrow specific issues. 1. host check requirements error: cause either user launch forticlient relevant service started. wait another 60-90 second reattempt connecting, work. relate outdated scep/antivirus definitions. open scep system tray, click update tab click update. automatically download new definitions within 5 minutes depend connection speed. 2. unable establish vpn connection: typically indicate user functional connection. hotel, connect type public wi-fi require additional login browser, prior launch forticlient. even simple matter wifi/ethernet cable connected. recommend test forticlient physical ethernet cable encounter this. user may also need power off/unplug modem router, allow devices restart, reattempt connection forticlient. 3. certificate error: error crop variety reasons. verify user enter correct password. also confirm certificate end ""cert2"" select drop menu forticlient. resolve issue need perform follow user's pc . user office troubleshoot fail method resolve log local pc network users credentials perform following: run mmc.exe start menu ctl + open add/remove snap-in select certificate hit add button choose user account click next select local computer hit finish hit ok close add remove snap-in back console open personal > certificate folder show berkadia certificates. delete need be. request new certificate right click certificate folder > task > request new certificate. need click next twice, check box next berkadia user see below, click enroll finish. see below, may also need delete duplicate certificate see below. delete duplicate expire certificate relate berkadia. point work actual user's pc done. work local pc office user's credentials, need export certificate send user zip via email filelocker. user's credentials, need export certificate send user zip via email filelocker. follow process exporting: right click correct certificate, select tasks-> export. click next, yes export private key. check box below, click next. type secure password, type confirm, click next.\ name file, save it, click finish. last step zip file windows 7zip. send user via filelocker. ability download/unzip file user's computer. double click file proceed import wizard. enter password prompted. include extend properties, click next. automatically select certificate store, click next finish final screen. able access mmc user's pc, confirm new cert delete duplicate use method describe above. test forticlient again."
166,Forticlient DNS Client issue," Wednesday, June 20, 2018 4:13 PM RE_ Direct Access Ch... http://kb.fortinet.com/kb/documentLink.do?externalID=FD36228 This was an unrelated issue that I ran into with Kelley McBride’s machine a few weeks back. The  Forticlient is disabling the DNS Client service upon connection but never reverts the service back to  Automatic. When the machine reboots, the DNS Client service fails to start, since it’s still disabled,  therefore the Microsoft Network Connectivity Assistant fails to start, since it depends on this  service. I found an article online about this (see attached email) that states you can set the  WinDnsCacheService reg value to a 1 to disable this behavior, but I was more curious why other  systems, including mine, were not doing this. My reg key value is set to a 0 and I never had the issue  (Windows 7 vs Windows 10 perhaps??). I then noticed another reg entry on Linda and Kelley’s  machine called RestoreWdcsConfig in the same path as the other entry. I do not have this entry nor  do others I’ve checked with (all Win10 though). Based on the name of this reg entry, I thought that  either setting this to a 1 or removing the entry would force the behavior to revert the DNS Client  service back to Automatic. We set it to a 1 on Linda’s machine but it reverted back to a 0 and never  reverted the service. I tried removing this entry from Kelley’s machine but she is still having the  same issue. So we ended up setting the WinDnsCacheService to a 1 and that seems to have  corrected the problem, since it won’t even attempt to disable the service. I will try this on Kelley’s  machine as well and see if that corrects the problem permanently.         ","[63, 2, 63, 779]","[173, 174]","Forticlient DNS Client issue Forticlient DNS Client issue Forticlient DNS Client issue Forticlient DNS Client issue Forticlient DNS Client issue Forticlient DNS Client issue Forticlient DNS Client issue Forticlient DNS Client issue Forticlient DNS Client issue Forticlient DNS Client issue   Wednesday, June 20, 2018 4:13 PM RE_ Direct Access Ch... http://kb.fortinet.com/kb/documentLink.do?externalID=FD36228 This was an unrelated issue that I ran into with Kelley McBride’s machine a few weeks back. The  Forticlient is disabling the DNS Client service upon connection but never reverts the service back to  Automatic. When the machine reboots, the DNS Client service fails to start, since it’s still disabled,  therefore the Microsoft Network Connectivity Assistant fails to start, since it depends on this  service. I found an article online about this (see attached email) that states you can set the  WinDnsCacheService reg value to a 1 to disable this behavior, but I was more curious why other  systems, including mine, were not doing this. My reg key value is set to a 0 and I never had the issue  (Windows 7 vs Windows 10 perhaps??). I then noticed another reg entry on Linda and Kelley’s  machine called RestoreWdcsConfig in the same path as the other entry. I do not have this entry nor  do others I’ve checked with (all Win10 though). Based on the name of this reg entry, I thought that  either setting this to a 1 or removing the entry would force the behavior to revert the DNS Client  service back to Automatic. We set it to a 1 on Linda’s machine but it reverted back to a 0 and never  reverted the service. I tried removing this entry from Kelley’s machine but she is still having the  same issue. So we ended up setting the WinDnsCacheService to a 1 and that seems to have  corrected the problem, since it won’t even attempt to disable the service. I will try this on Kelley’s  machine as well and see if that corrects the problem permanently.         ","forticlient dns client issue forticlient dns client issue forticlient dns client issue forticlient dns client issue forticlient dns client issue forticlient dns client issue forticlient dns client issue forticlient dns client issue forticlient dns client issue forticlient dns client issue wednesday, june 20, 2018 4:13 pm re_ direct access ch... http://kb.fortinet.com/kb/documentlink.doexternalid=fd36228 unrelated issue run kelley mcbride’s machine weeks back. forticlient disable dns client service upon connection never revert service back automatic. machine reboots, dns client service fail start, since it’s still disabled, therefore microsoft network connectivity assistant fail start, since depend service. find article online (see attach email) state set windnscacheservice reg value 1 disable behavior, curious systems, include mine, this. reg key value set 0 never issue (windows 7 vs windows 10 perhaps). notice another reg entry linda kelley’s machine call restorewdcsconfig path entry. entry others i’ve check (all win10 though). base name reg entry, think either set 1 remove entry would force behavior revert dns client service back automatic. set 1 linda’s machine revert back 0 never revert service. try remove entry kelley’s machine still issue. end set windnscacheservice 1 seem correct problem, since won’t even attempt disable service. try kelley’s machine well see correct problem permanently.","Forticlient DNS Client issue Forticlient DNS Client issue   Wednesday, June 20, 2018 4:13 PM RE_ Direct Access Ch... http://kb.fortinet.com/kb/documentLink.do?externalID=FD36228 This was an unrelated issue that I ran into with Kelley McBride’s machine a few weeks back. The  Forticlient is disabling the DNS Client service upon connection but never reverts the service back to  Automatic. When the machine reboots, the DNS Client service fails to start, since it’s still disabled,  therefore the Microsoft Network Connectivity Assistant fails to start, since it depends on this  service. I found an article online about this (see attached email) that states you can set the  WinDnsCacheService reg value to a 1 to disable this behavior, but I was more curious why other  systems, including mine, were not doing this. My reg key value is set to a 0 and I never had the issue  (Windows 7 vs Windows 10 perhaps??). I then noticed another reg entry on Linda and Kelley’s  machine called RestoreWdcsConfig in the same path as the other entry. I do not have this entry nor  do others I’ve checked with (all Win10 though). Based on the name of this reg entry, I thought that  either setting this to a 1 or removing the entry would force the behavior to revert the DNS Client  service back to Automatic. We set it to a 1 on Linda’s machine but it reverted back to a 0 and never  reverted the service. I tried removing this entry from Kelley’s machine but she is still having the  same issue. So we ended up setting the WinDnsCacheService to a 1 and that seems to have  corrected the problem, since it won’t even attempt to disable the service. I will try this on Kelley’s  machine as well and see if that corrects the problem permanently.         ","forticlient dns client issue forticlient dns client issue wednesday, june 20, 2018 4:13 pm re_ direct access ch... http://kb.fortinet.com/kb/documentlink.doexternalid=fd36228 unrelated issue run kelley mcbride’s machine weeks back. forticlient disable dns client service upon connection never revert service back automatic. machine reboots, dns client service fail start, since it’s still disabled, therefore microsoft network connectivity assistant fail start, since depend service. find article online (see attach email) state set windnscacheservice reg value 1 disable behavior, curious systems, include mine, this. reg key value set 0 never issue (windows 7 vs windows 10 perhaps). notice another reg entry linda kelley’s machine call restorewdcsconfig path entry. entry others i’ve check (all win10 though). base name reg entry, think either set 1 remove entry would force behavior revert dns client service back automatic. set 1 linda’s machine revert back 0 never revert service. try remove entry kelley’s machine still issue. end set windnscacheservice 1 seem correct problem, since won’t even attempt disable service. try kelley’s machine well see correct problem permanently."
167,Fortinet Proxy Sites," Wednesday, January 24, 2018 9:27 AM Sites that use Fortinet as proxy instead of a local proxy server: Tnmem Ohcle Midet Ncrah Flboc Flmia Mabos Nynyp Njshb Mostl Capas Varmd Orpor Casfr Cairv Txsan Scchr    ","[72, 0, 193, 775]",[807],"Fortinet Proxy Sites Fortinet Proxy Sites Fortinet Proxy Sites Fortinet Proxy Sites Fortinet Proxy Sites Fortinet Proxy Sites Fortinet Proxy Sites Fortinet Proxy Sites Fortinet Proxy Sites Fortinet Proxy Sites   Wednesday, January 24, 2018 9:27 AM Sites that use Fortinet as proxy instead of a local proxy server: Tnmem Ohcle Midet Ncrah Flboc Flmia Mabos Nynyp Njshb Mostl Capas Varmd Orpor Casfr Cairv Txsan Scchr    ","fortinet proxy sit fortinet proxy sit fortinet proxy sit fortinet proxy sit fortinet proxy sit fortinet proxy sit fortinet proxy sit fortinet proxy sit fortinet proxy sit fortinet proxy sit wednesday, january 24, 2018 9:27 sit use fortinet proxy instead local proxy server: tnmem ohcle midet ncrah flboc flmia mabos nynyp njshb mostl capas varmd orpor casfr cairv txsan scchr","Fortinet Proxy Sites Fortinet Proxy Sites   Wednesday, January 24, 2018 9:27 AM Sites that use Fortinet as proxy instead of a local proxy server: Tnmem Ohcle Midet Ncrah Flboc Flmia Mabos Nynyp Njshb Mostl Capas Varmd Orpor Casfr Cairv Txsan Scchr    ","fortinet proxy sit fortinet proxy sit wednesday, january 24, 2018 9:27 sit use fortinet proxy instead local proxy server: tnmem ohcle midet ncrah flboc flmia mabos nynyp njshb mostl capas varmd orpor casfr cairv txsan scchr"
168,Garrett LaBar," Sunday, June 26, 2016 3:51 PM 1 x HP EliteDisplay E221 1 x Philips 4:3 square monitor 1 x HP slim docking station 1 x HP 9480m laptop HP wired USB keyboard & mouse Cisco 7965 with sidecar    ","[68, 1, 154, 777]",[959],"Garrett LaBar Garrett LaBar Garrett LaBar Garrett LaBar Garrett LaBar Garrett LaBar Garrett LaBar Garrett LaBar Garrett LaBar Garrett LaBar   Sunday, June 26, 2016 3:51 PM 1 x HP EliteDisplay E221 1 x Philips 4:3 square monitor 1 x HP slim docking station 1 x HP 9480m laptop HP wired USB keyboard & mouse Cisco 7965 with sidecar    ","garrett labar garrett labar garrett labar garrett labar garrett labar garrett labar garrett labar garrett labar garrett labar garrett labar sunday, june 26, 2016 3:51 pm 1 x hp elitedisplay e221 1 x philips 4:3 square monitor 1 x hp slim dock station 1 x hp 9480m laptop hp wire usb keyboard & mouse cisco 7965 sidecar","Garrett LaBar Garrett LaBar   Sunday, June 26, 2016 3:51 PM 1 x HP EliteDisplay E221 1 x Philips 4:3 square monitor 1 x HP slim docking station 1 x HP 9480m laptop HP wired USB keyboard & mouse Cisco 7965 with sidecar    ","garrett labar garrett labar sunday, june 26, 2016 3:51 pm 1 x hp elitedisplay e221 1 x philips 4:3 square monitor 1 x hp slim dock station 1 x hp 9480m laptop hp wire usb keyboard & mouse cisco 7965 sidecar"
169,General Berkadia Site Information," Friday, February 16, 2018 9:58 AM Branch office list and information: https://my.berkadia.com/BT/Pages/BranchOffices.aspx      Ambler Office Info Wednesday, June 13, 2018 8:55 AM Floor plan for Ambler office               ","[45, 6, 72, 775]","[840, 843]","General Berkadia Site Information General Berkadia Site Information General Berkadia Site Information General Berkadia Site Information General Berkadia Site Information General Berkadia Site Information General Berkadia Site Information General Berkadia Site Information General Berkadia Site Information General Berkadia Site Information   Friday, February 16, 2018 9:58 AM Branch office list and information: https://my.berkadia.com/BT/Pages/BranchOffices.aspx      Ambler Office Info Wednesday, June 13, 2018 8:55 AM Floor plan for Ambler office               ","general berkadia site information general berkadia site information general berkadia site information general berkadia site information general berkadia site information general berkadia site information general berkadia site information general berkadia site information general berkadia site information general berkadia site information friday, february 16, 2018 9:58 branch office list information: https://my.berkadia.com/bt/pages/branchoffices.aspx ambler office info wednesday, june 13, 2018 8:55 floor plan ambler office","General Berkadia Site Information General Berkadia Site Information   Friday, February 16, 2018 9:58 AM Branch office list and information: https://my.berkadia.com/BT/Pages/BranchOffices.aspx      Ambler Office Info Wednesday, June 13, 2018 8:55 AM Floor plan for Ambler office               ","general berkadia site information general berkadia site information friday, february 16, 2018 9:58 branch office list information: https://my.berkadia.com/bt/pages/branchoffices.aspx ambler office info wednesday, june 13, 2018 8:55 floor plan ambler office"
170,General HelpDesk Resources," Tuesday, August 15, 2017 2:10 PM Help Desk Tools Ver. July 26, 2017 Escalation Issues an... Ver. September 15, 2017 Shares: HelpDeskTools \\pa508shrdrv1\dt_eng\Help Desk Tools \\pa508shrdrv1\dt_eng\Help Desk Tools\Misc Tools Applic \\gmaccm\applic\applic Print Server (Ambler): \\pa508prsrv1\ Proxy Settings Scripts (Fortinet / Pac) \\gmaccm.com\wds\Scripts\ProxyIESettings-Helpdesk Links: Common: https://my.berkadia.com https://portal.office.com HD Sharepoint: https://sp13.berkadia.com/it/cs/hd/default.aspx HD docs: https://sp13.berkadia.com/it/cs/hd/Shared% 20Documents/Forms/AllItems.aspx Work FB: https://berkadia.facebook.com/ Administration Guest Wifi Account Creation https://sponsor.gmaccm.com:8443/sponsorportal/Logout.action User Account Lockout Logs https://pa508evtadm03.gmaccm.com/Helpdesk/ Cisco Self-Care Portal https://corpcucmpub1.gmaccm.com/ucmuser/main MobileIron Admin Portal https://mdm.berkadia.com/mifs/login.jsp Phones Dashboard http://padc1wallboardp1.gmaccm.com/universal/widget/ #/layout19/template/1503060711505/fruffino         ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[0, 1]","General HelpDesk Resources General HelpDesk Resources General HelpDesk Resources General HelpDesk Resources General HelpDesk Resources General HelpDesk Resources General HelpDesk Resources General HelpDesk Resources General HelpDesk Resources General HelpDesk Resources   Tuesday, August 15, 2017 2:10 PM Help Desk Tools Ver. July 26, 2017 Escalation Issues an... Ver. September 15, 2017 Shares: HelpDeskTools \\pa508shrdrv1\dt_eng\Help Desk Tools \\pa508shrdrv1\dt_eng\Help Desk Tools\Misc Tools Applic \\gmaccm\applic\applic Print Server (Ambler): \\pa508prsrv1\ Proxy Settings Scripts (Fortinet / Pac) \\gmaccm.com\wds\Scripts\ProxyIESettings-Helpdesk Links: Common: https://my.berkadia.com https://portal.office.com HD Sharepoint: https://sp13.berkadia.com/it/cs/hd/default.aspx HD docs: https://sp13.berkadia.com/it/cs/hd/Shared% 20Documents/Forms/AllItems.aspx Work FB: https://berkadia.facebook.com/ Administration Guest Wifi Account Creation https://sponsor.gmaccm.com:8443/sponsorportal/Logout.action User Account Lockout Logs https://pa508evtadm03.gmaccm.com/Helpdesk/ Cisco Self-Care Portal https://corpcucmpub1.gmaccm.com/ucmuser/main MobileIron Admin Portal https://mdm.berkadia.com/mifs/login.jsp Phones Dashboard http://padc1wallboardp1.gmaccm.com/universal/widget/ #/layout19/template/1503060711505/fruffino         ","general helpdesk resources general helpdesk resources general helpdesk resources general helpdesk resources general helpdesk resources general helpdesk resources general helpdesk resources general helpdesk resources general helpdesk resources general helpdesk resources tuesday, august 15, 2017 2:10 pm help desk tool ver. july 26, 2017 escalation issue an... ver. september 15, 2017 shares: helpdesktools \\pa508shrdrv1\dt_eng\help desk tool \\pa508shrdrv1\dt_eng\help desk tools\misc tool applic \\gmaccm\applic\applic print server (ambler): \\pa508prsrv1\ proxy settings script (fortinet / pac) \\gmaccm.com\wds\scripts\proxyiesettings-helpdesk links: common: https://my.berkadia.com https://portal.office.com hd sharepoint: https://sp13.berkadia.com/it/cs/hd/default.aspx hd docs: https://sp13.berkadia.com/it/cs/hd/shared% 20documents/forms/allitems.aspx work fb: https://berkadia.facebook.com/ administration guest wifi account creation https://sponsor.gmaccm.com:8443/sponsorportal/logout.action user account lockout log https://pa508evtadm03.gmaccm.com/helpdesk/ cisco self-care portal https://corpcucmpub1.gmaccm.com/ucmuser/main mobileiron admin portal https://mdm.berkadia.com/mifs/login.jsp phone dashboard http://padc1wallboardp1.gmaccm.com/universal/widget/ #/layout19/template/1503060711505/fruffino","General HelpDesk Resources General HelpDesk Resources   Tuesday, August 15, 2017 2:10 PM Help Desk Tools Ver. July 26, 2017 Escalation Issues an... Ver. September 15, 2017 Shares: HelpDeskTools \\pa508shrdrv1\dt_eng\Help Desk Tools \\pa508shrdrv1\dt_eng\Help Desk Tools\Misc Tools Applic \\gmaccm\applic\applic Print Server (Ambler): \\pa508prsrv1\ Proxy Settings Scripts (Fortinet / Pac) \\gmaccm.com\wds\Scripts\ProxyIESettings-Helpdesk Links: Common: https://my.berkadia.com https://portal.office.com HD Sharepoint: https://sp13.berkadia.com/it/cs/hd/default.aspx HD docs: https://sp13.berkadia.com/it/cs/hd/Shared% 20Documents/Forms/AllItems.aspx Work FB: https://berkadia.facebook.com/ Administration Guest Wifi Account Creation https://sponsor.gmaccm.com:8443/sponsorportal/Logout.action User Account Lockout Logs https://pa508evtadm03.gmaccm.com/Helpdesk/ Cisco Self-Care Portal https://corpcucmpub1.gmaccm.com/ucmuser/main MobileIron Admin Portal https://mdm.berkadia.com/mifs/login.jsp Phones Dashboard http://padc1wallboardp1.gmaccm.com/universal/widget/ #/layout19/template/1503060711505/fruffino         ","general helpdesk resources general helpdesk resources tuesday, august 15, 2017 2:10 pm help desk tool ver. july 26, 2017 escalation issue an... ver. september 15, 2017 shares: helpdesktools \\pa508shrdrv1\dt_eng\help desk tool \\pa508shrdrv1\dt_eng\help desk tools\misc tool applic \\gmaccm\applic\applic print server (ambler): \\pa508prsrv1\ proxy settings script (fortinet / pac) \\gmaccm.com\wds\scripts\proxyiesettings-helpdesk links: common: https://my.berkadia.com https://portal.office.com hd sharepoint: https://sp13.berkadia.com/it/cs/hd/default.aspx hd docs: https://sp13.berkadia.com/it/cs/hd/shared% 20documents/forms/allitems.aspx work fb: https://berkadia.facebook.com/ administration guest wifi account creation https://sponsor.gmaccm.com:8443/sponsorportal/logout.action user account lockout log https://pa508evtadm03.gmaccm.com/helpdesk/ cisco self-care portal https://corpcucmpub1.gmaccm.com/ucmuser/main mobileiron admin portal https://mdm.berkadia.com/mifs/login.jsp phone dashboard http://padc1wallboardp1.gmaccm.com/universal/widget/ #/layout19/template/1503060711505/fruffino"
171,General Mac Troubleshooting," Tuesday, March 27, 2018 1:19 PM Most Mac issues that we experience are related to Centrify which is the software that join all Mac  machines to our AD domain. When a user is locked out of AD, sometimes their profile will be completely unsynced from AD and  will be unable to login even if their account is unlocked. To fix this: 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. Make sure the Mac is wired to the network (dock or dongle) and log in as the macadmin  account with our IT admin password. You can guide user through the phone or use  screenshare app for Mac for remote access if possible. Open Terminal. Type ""login"" command and enter. Have the user enter in their network ID and password. Confirm successful login and run ""adgpupdate"" to refresh user and computer policies. Log out of macadmin and have user log back in as normal.    ","[72, 0, 368, 775]",[653],"General Mac Troubleshooting General Mac Troubleshooting General Mac Troubleshooting General Mac Troubleshooting General Mac Troubleshooting General Mac Troubleshooting General Mac Troubleshooting General Mac Troubleshooting General Mac Troubleshooting General Mac Troubleshooting   Tuesday, March 27, 2018 1:19 PM Most Mac issues that we experience are related to Centrify which is the software that join all Mac  machines to our AD domain. When a user is locked out of AD, sometimes their profile will be completely unsynced from AD and  will be unable to login even if their account is unlocked. To fix this: 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. Make sure the Mac is wired to the network (dock or dongle) and log in as the macadmin  account with our IT admin password. You can guide user through the phone or use  screenshare app for Mac for remote access if possible. Open Terminal. Type ""login"" command and enter. Have the user enter in their network ID and password. Confirm successful login and run ""adgpupdate"" to refresh user and computer policies. Log out of macadmin and have user log back in as normal.    ","general mac troubleshoot general mac troubleshoot general mac troubleshoot general mac troubleshoot general mac troubleshoot general mac troubleshoot general mac troubleshoot general mac troubleshoot general mac troubleshoot general mac troubleshoot tuesday, march 27, 2018 1:19 pm mac issue experience relate centrify software join mac machine ad domain. user lock ad, sometimes profile completely unsynced ad unable login even account unlocked. fix this: 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. make sure mac wire network (dock dongle) log macadmin account admin password. guide user phone use screenshare app mac remote access possible. open terminal. type ""login"" command enter. user enter network id password. confirm successful login run ""adgpupdate"" refresh user computer policies. log macadmin user log back normal.","General Mac Troubleshooting General Mac Troubleshooting   Tuesday, March 27, 2018 1:19 PM Most Mac issues that we experience are related to Centrify which is the software that join all Mac  machines to our AD domain. When a user is locked out of AD, sometimes their profile will be completely unsynced from AD and  will be unable to login even if their account is unlocked. To fix this: 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. Make sure the Mac is wired to the network (dock or dongle) and log in as the macadmin  account with our IT admin password. You can guide user through the phone or use  screenshare app for Mac for remote access if possible. Open Terminal. Type ""login"" command and enter. Have the user enter in their network ID and password. Confirm successful login and run ""adgpupdate"" to refresh user and computer policies. Log out of macadmin and have user log back in as normal.    ","general mac troubleshoot general mac troubleshoot tuesday, march 27, 2018 1:19 pm mac issue experience relate centrify software join mac machine ad domain. user lock ad, sometimes profile completely unsynced ad unable login even account unlocked. fix this: 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. make sure mac wire network (dock dongle) log macadmin account admin password. guide user phone use screenshare app mac remote access possible. open terminal. type ""login"" command enter. user enter network id password. confirm successful login run ""adgpupdate"" refresh user computer policies. log macadmin user log back normal."
172,Group Modification," 8:32 AM Tuesday, April 29, 2014 Receivables: An e-mail must be sent from the requestor to the Security Mailbox with the following  information included a.) b.) c.) Name of User(s) for which access is being requested Location of Requested Folder/Security Group Type of Access Being Requested a. Read-only i. Read & Execute b. Modify i. Read, Execute, Write, Change, Delete Items B and C do not need to be included if the requestor provides you with the  name of the Security Group. If this is the case, skip to Step 5 of Actions Needed. **If any of the information listed above is left off of the request, reply to the requestor asking to be  provided with the additional information. Actions Needed:  1.) 2.) 3.) Locate the folder being requested on the network Right-click the folder and select Properties. Go to the Security tab; determine the groups and their permissions. Find the group that  matches the user’s requirements. The group name you’re looking for should typically  match or include the folders name as well as the permissions being requested. If no Security Group Exists for the requested permissions to the folder, please escalate  to a member of the Security Operations staff.  **Please note security permissions are only provided two levels down from the root of a share drive (i.e  K:\Level_1\Level_2) Check the scope of the group to determine what other folders it controls. You can’t put  a user into an existing group if that group’s scope goes beyond the intent of the request. Once the group has been located, Find and Open the group within Active Directory. Go to the General tab; the owner and or approver of the group should be listed in the  Notes field. Is approval from the owner/approver(s) listed in the original request 4.) 5.) 6.) 7.) a. Yes b. No i. Add requested user(s) to the appropriate security group. i. ii. Send an e-mail to the owner of the group confirming their approval **Please note when sending e-mail from the Security Mailbox, place – Request #  BITXXXX in the subject line of the e-mail. Once approval is received, add the requested user(s) to the appropriate  security group. 8.) Reply to the original e-mail notifying the requestor of the request being resolved.  **Please note when sending e-mail from the Security Mailbox, place – Request # BITXXXX in the  subject line of the e-mail. Use the Security Group Modification template at \\pa508shrdrv1\DT_Eng\Security \Templates as a reference. Close out the ticket that was generated within Incident Monitor under the following  categories: 9.) Category: Security Operations Sub-Category: File Access Req (Sec Grp Mgmt)      Sub-Category: File Access Req (Sec Grp Mgmt) Module: Security Group Modification **Please be sure to include the following in the IM ticket when closing it out 1.) 2.) Notification of approval received from owner/approver Notification of request being completed sent to the requestor    ","[72, 0, 72, 779]","[751, 752]","Group Modification Group Modification Group Modification Group Modification Group Modification Group Modification Group Modification Group Modification Group Modification Group Modification   8:32 AM Tuesday, April 29, 2014 Receivables: An e-mail must be sent from the requestor to the Security Mailbox with the following  information included a.) b.) c.) Name of User(s) for which access is being requested Location of Requested Folder/Security Group Type of Access Being Requested a. Read-only i. Read & Execute b. Modify i. Read, Execute, Write, Change, Delete Items B and C do not need to be included if the requestor provides you with the  name of the Security Group. If this is the case, skip to Step 5 of Actions Needed. **If any of the information listed above is left off of the request, reply to the requestor asking to be  provided with the additional information. Actions Needed:  1.) 2.) 3.) Locate the folder being requested on the network Right-click the folder and select Properties. Go to the Security tab; determine the groups and their permissions. Find the group that  matches the user’s requirements. The group name you’re looking for should typically  match or include the folders name as well as the permissions being requested. If no Security Group Exists for the requested permissions to the folder, please escalate  to a member of the Security Operations staff.  **Please note security permissions are only provided two levels down from the root of a share drive (i.e  K:\Level_1\Level_2) Check the scope of the group to determine what other folders it controls. You can’t put  a user into an existing group if that group’s scope goes beyond the intent of the request. Once the group has been located, Find and Open the group within Active Directory. Go to the General tab; the owner and or approver of the group should be listed in the  Notes field. Is approval from the owner/approver(s) listed in the original request 4.) 5.) 6.) 7.) a. Yes b. No i. Add requested user(s) to the appropriate security group. i. ii. Send an e-mail to the owner of the group confirming their approval **Please note when sending e-mail from the Security Mailbox, place – Request #  BITXXXX in the subject line of the e-mail. Once approval is received, add the requested user(s) to the appropriate  security group. 8.) Reply to the original e-mail notifying the requestor of the request being resolved.  **Please note when sending e-mail from the Security Mailbox, place – Request # BITXXXX in the  subject line of the e-mail. Use the Security Group Modification template at \\pa508shrdrv1\DT_Eng\Security \Templates as a reference. Close out the ticket that was generated within Incident Monitor under the following  categories: 9.) Category: Security Operations Sub-Category: File Access Req (Sec Grp Mgmt)      Sub-Category: File Access Req (Sec Grp Mgmt) Module: Security Group Modification **Please be sure to include the following in the IM ticket when closing it out 1.) 2.) Notification of approval received from owner/approver Notification of request being completed sent to the requestor    ","group modification group modification group modification group modification group modification group modification group modification group modification group modification group modification 8:32 tuesday, april 29, 2014 receivables: e-mail must send requestor security mailbox follow information include a.) b.) c.) name user(s) access request location request folder/security group type access request a. read-only i. read & execute b. modify i. read, execute, write, change, delete items b c need include requestor provide name security group. case, skip step 5 action needed. **if information list leave request, reply requestor ask provide additional information. action needed: 1.) 2.) 3.) locate folder request network right-click folder select properties. go security tab; determine group permissions. find group match user’s requirements. group name you’re look typically match include folders name well permissions requested. security group exist request permissions folder, please escalate member security operations staff. **please note security permissions provide two level root share drive (i.e k:\level_1\level_2) check scope group determine folders controls. can’t put user exist group group’s scope go beyond intent request. group located, find open group within active directory. go general tab; owner approver group list note field. approval owner/approver(s) list original request 4.) 5.) 6.) 7.) a. yes b. i. add request user(s) appropriate security group. i. ii. send e-mail owner group confirm approval **please note send e-mail security mailbox, place – request # bitxxxx subject line e-mail. approval received, add request user(s) appropriate security group. 8.) reply original e-mail notify requestor request resolved. **please note send e-mail security mailbox, place – request # bitxxxx subject line e-mail. use security group modification template \\pa508shrdrv1\dt_eng\security \templates reference. close ticket generate within incident monitor follow categories: 9.) category: security operations sub-category: file access req (sec grp mgmt) sub-category: file access req (sec grp mgmt) module: security group modification **please sure include follow im ticket close 1.) 2.) notification approval receive owner/approver notification request complete send requestor","Group Modification Group Modification   8:32 AM Tuesday, April 29, 2014 Receivables: An e-mail must be sent from the requestor to the Security Mailbox with the following  information included a.) b.) c.) Name of User(s) for which access is being requested Location of Requested Folder/Security Group Type of Access Being Requested a. Read-only i. Read & Execute b. Modify i. Read, Execute, Write, Change, Delete Items B and C do not need to be included if the requestor provides you with the  name of the Security Group. If this is the case, skip to Step 5 of Actions Needed. **If any of the information listed above is left off of the request, reply to the requestor asking to be  provided with the additional information. Actions Needed:  1.) 2.) 3.) Locate the folder being requested on the network Right-click the folder and select Properties. Go to the Security tab; determine the groups and their permissions. Find the group that  matches the user’s requirements. The group name you’re looking for should typically  match or include the folders name as well as the permissions being requested. If no Security Group Exists for the requested permissions to the folder, please escalate  to a member of the Security Operations staff.  **Please note security permissions are only provided two levels down from the root of a share drive (i.e  K:\Level_1\Level_2) Check the scope of the group to determine what other folders it controls. You can’t put  a user into an existing group if that group’s scope goes beyond the intent of the request. Once the group has been located, Find and Open the group within Active Directory. Go to the General tab; the owner and or approver of the group should be listed in the  Notes field. Is approval from the owner/approver(s) listed in the original request 4.) 5.) 6.) 7.) a. Yes b. No i. Add requested user(s) to the appropriate security group. i. ii. Send an e-mail to the owner of the group confirming their approval **Please note when sending e-mail from the Security Mailbox, place – Request #  BITXXXX in the subject line of the e-mail. Once approval is received, add the requested user(s) to the appropriate  security group. 8.) Reply to the original e-mail notifying the requestor of the request being resolved.  **Please note when sending e-mail from the Security Mailbox, place – Request # BITXXXX in the  subject line of the e-mail. Use the Security Group Modification template at \\pa508shrdrv1\DT_Eng\Security \Templates as a reference. Close out the ticket that was generated within Incident Monitor under the following  categories: 9.) Category: Security Operations Sub-Category: File Access Req (Sec Grp Mgmt)      Sub-Category: File Access Req (Sec Grp Mgmt) Module: Security Group Modification **Please be sure to include the following in the IM ticket when closing it out 1.) 2.) Notification of approval received from owner/approver Notification of request being completed sent to the requestor    ","group modification group modification 8:32 tuesday, april 29, 2014 receivables: e-mail must send requestor security mailbox follow information include a.) b.) c.) name user(s) access request location request folder/security group type access request a. read-only i. read & execute b. modify i. read, execute, write, change, delete items b c need include requestor provide name security group. case, skip step 5 action needed. **if information list leave request, reply requestor ask provide additional information. action needed: 1.) 2.) 3.) locate folder request network right-click folder select properties. go security tab; determine group permissions. find group match user’s requirements. group name you’re look typically match include folders name well permissions requested. security group exist request permissions folder, please escalate member security operations staff. **please note security permissions provide two level root share drive (i.e k:\level_1\level_2) check scope group determine folders controls. can’t put user exist group group’s scope go beyond intent request. group located, find open group within active directory. go general tab; owner approver group list note field. approval owner/approver(s) list original request 4.) 5.) 6.) 7.) a. yes b. i. add request user(s) appropriate security group. i. ii. send e-mail owner group confirm approval **please note send e-mail security mailbox, place – request # bitxxxx subject line e-mail. approval received, add request user(s) appropriate security group. 8.) reply original e-mail notify requestor request resolved. **please note send e-mail security mailbox, place – request # bitxxxx subject line e-mail. use security group modification template \\pa508shrdrv1\dt_eng\security \templates reference. close ticket generate within incident monitor follow categories: 9.) category: security operations sub-category: file access req (sec grp mgmt) sub-category: file access req (sec grp mgmt) module: security group modification **please sure include follow im ticket close 1.) 2.) notification approval receive owner/approver notification request complete send requestor"
173,HP Printer Showing Offline," Thursday, July 19, 2018 9:49 AM After installing certain printer through TCP/IP, the printer status can change to ""offline"" indefinitely,  making it useless. To fix this, turn off SNMP Status (uncheck) on the TCP/IP mapped to that printer: Currently affected printer model in our environment: HP Color LaserJet CP2025n 192.168.77.15  (located in Raleigh, NC) Reference: https://h30434.www3.hp.com/t5/LaserJet-Printing/Re-Printer-keeps-going-off-line/td-p/5333877      Wednesday, October 14, 2015 11:19 AM Click Login If Password has not been setup to our printer default password it is ""admin"" w/o quotes.      Click on Network Settings The IPv4 info should be in already. (that is how you got on in the first place) Input DNS, SMTP, LDAP use what is on the picture (Note after each section you have to submit because  it can only submit one at a time)      it can only submit one at a time) Click on ""Services Settings"" then click on ""SNTP"" tab. Copy below. Click on ""WINS"" copy below.      Click on ""Security Settings"" and change Administrator Password. To Add Names to the Address book: Click ""Address Book""      Click ""Add"" Input ""Address Name"" as first name. Initial as first name. Check ""Register the Add…"" and ""Set as Default used"" Type in the email address. Click ""Add This Address""      Click ""Add This Address"" Done!    ","[58, 3, 72, 775]","[1105, 1111]","HP Printer Showing Offline HP Printer Showing Offline HP Printer Showing Offline HP Printer Showing Offline HP Printer Showing Offline HP Printer Showing Offline HP Printer Showing Offline HP Printer Showing Offline HP Printer Showing Offline HP Printer Showing Offline   Thursday, July 19, 2018 9:49 AM After installing certain printer through TCP/IP, the printer status can change to ""offline"" indefinitely,  making it useless. To fix this, turn off SNMP Status (uncheck) on the TCP/IP mapped to that printer: Currently affected printer model in our environment: HP Color LaserJet CP2025n 192.168.77.15  (located in Raleigh, NC) Reference: https://h30434.www3.hp.com/t5/LaserJet-Printing/Re-Printer-keeps-going-off-line/td-p/5333877      Wednesday, October 14, 2015 11:19 AM Click Login If Password has not been setup to our printer default password it is ""admin"" w/o quotes.      Click on Network Settings The IPv4 info should be in already. (that is how you got on in the first place) Input DNS, SMTP, LDAP use what is on the picture (Note after each section you have to submit because  it can only submit one at a time)      it can only submit one at a time) Click on ""Services Settings"" then click on ""SNTP"" tab. Copy below. Click on ""WINS"" copy below.      Click on ""Security Settings"" and change Administrator Password. To Add Names to the Address book: Click ""Address Book""      Click ""Add"" Input ""Address Name"" as first name. Initial as first name. Check ""Register the Add…"" and ""Set as Default used"" Type in the email address. Click ""Add This Address""      Click ""Add This Address"" Done!    ","hp printer show offline hp printer show offline hp printer show offline hp printer show offline hp printer show offline hp printer show offline hp printer show offline hp printer show offline hp printer show offline hp printer show offline thursday, july 19, 2018 9:49 instal certain printer tcp/ip, printer status change ""offline"" indefinitely, make useless. fix this, turn snmp status (uncheck) tcp/ip map printer: currently affect printer model environment: hp color laserjet cp2025n 192.168.77.15 (located raleigh, nc) reference: https://h30434.www3.hp.com/t5/laserjet-printing/re-printer-keeps-going-off-line/td-p/5333877 wednesday, october 14, 2015 11:19 click login password setup printer default password ""admin"" w/o quotes. click network settings ipv4 info already. (that get first place) input dns, smtp, ldap use picture (note section submit submit one time) submit one time) click ""services settings"" click ""sntp"" tab. copy below. click ""wins"" copy below. click ""security settings"" change administrator password. add name address book: click ""address book"" click ""add"" input ""address name"" first name. initial first name. check ""register add…"" ""set default used"" type email address. click ""add address"" click ""add address"" done!","HP Printer Showing Offline HP Printer Showing Offline   Thursday, July 19, 2018 9:49 AM After installing certain printer through TCP/IP, the printer status can change to ""offline"" indefinitely,  making it useless. To fix this, turn off SNMP Status (uncheck) on the TCP/IP mapped to that printer: Currently affected printer model in our environment: HP Color LaserJet CP2025n 192.168.77.15  (located in Raleigh, NC) Reference: https://h30434.www3.hp.com/t5/LaserJet-Printing/Re-Printer-keeps-going-off-line/td-p/5333877      Wednesday, October 14, 2015 11:19 AM Click Login If Password has not been setup to our printer default password it is ""admin"" w/o quotes.      Click on Network Settings The IPv4 info should be in already. (that is how you got on in the first place) Input DNS, SMTP, LDAP use what is on the picture (Note after each section you have to submit because  it can only submit one at a time)      it can only submit one at a time) Click on ""Services Settings"" then click on ""SNTP"" tab. Copy below. Click on ""WINS"" copy below.      Click on ""Security Settings"" and change Administrator Password. To Add Names to the Address book: Click ""Address Book""      Click ""Add"" Input ""Address Name"" as first name. Initial as first name. Check ""Register the Add…"" and ""Set as Default used"" Type in the email address. Click ""Add This Address""      Click ""Add This Address"" Done!    ","hp printer show offline hp printer show offline thursday, july 19, 2018 9:49 instal certain printer tcp/ip, printer status change ""offline"" indefinitely, make useless. fix this, turn snmp status (uncheck) tcp/ip map printer: currently affect printer model environment: hp color laserjet cp2025n 192.168.77.15 (located raleigh, nc) reference: https://h30434.www3.hp.com/t5/laserjet-printing/re-printer-keeps-going-off-line/td-p/5333877 wednesday, october 14, 2015 11:19 click login password setup printer default password ""admin"" w/o quotes. click network settings ipv4 info already. (that get first place) input dns, smtp, ldap use picture (note section submit submit one time) submit one time) click ""services settings"" click ""sntp"" tab. copy below. click ""wins"" copy below. click ""security settings"" change administrator password. add name address book: click ""address book"" click ""add"" input ""address name"" first name. initial first name. check ""register add…"" ""set default used"" type email address. click ""add address"" click ""add address"" done!"
174,HP Ultraslim Docking Station 2013," Monday, December 5, 2016 5:06 PM    ","[51, 5, 132, 784]",[1285],"HP Ultraslim Docking Station 2013 HP Ultraslim Docking Station 2013 HP Ultraslim Docking Station 2013 HP Ultraslim Docking Station 2013 HP Ultraslim Docking Station 2013 HP Ultraslim Docking Station 2013 HP Ultraslim Docking Station 2013 HP Ultraslim Docking Station 2013 HP Ultraslim Docking Station 2013 HP Ultraslim Docking Station 2013   Monday, December 5, 2016 5:06 PM    ","hp ultraslim dock station 2013 hp ultraslim dock station 2013 hp ultraslim dock station 2013 hp ultraslim dock station 2013 hp ultraslim dock station 2013 hp ultraslim dock station 2013 hp ultraslim dock station 2013 hp ultraslim dock station 2013 hp ultraslim dock station 2013 hp ultraslim dock station 2013 monday, december 5, 2016 5:06 pm","HP Ultraslim Docking Station 2013 HP Ultraslim Docking Station 2013   Monday, December 5, 2016 5:06 PM    ","hp ultraslim dock station 2013 hp ultraslim dock station 2013 monday, december 5, 2016 5:06 pm"
175,Headshots," Friday, September 04, 2015 8:14 AM just a heads up if you encounter an issue with a user’s photo not getting uploaded to  Outlook/Messenger. They should be submitting the photo here first:  https://my.berkadia.com/empfrms/Pages/HeadshotUpload.aspx Satya Challa’s team in India has directed us to reach out to RaviTeja Palivela with any issues. Keep in  mind normally they are only uploading these once a month so there could be some delay involved. Thanks    ","[72, 0, 183, 779]",[223],"Headshots Headshots Headshots Headshots Headshots Headshots Headshots Headshots Headshots Headshots   Friday, September 04, 2015 8:14 AM just a heads up if you encounter an issue with a user’s photo not getting uploaded to  Outlook/Messenger. They should be submitting the photo here first:  https://my.berkadia.com/empfrms/Pages/HeadshotUpload.aspx Satya Challa’s team in India has directed us to reach out to RaviTeja Palivela with any issues. Keep in  mind normally they are only uploading these once a month so there could be some delay involved. Thanks    ","headshots headshots headshots headshots headshots headshots headshots headshots headshots headshots friday, september 04, 2015 8:14 head encounter issue user’s photo get upload outlook/messenger. submit photo first: https://my.berkadia.com/empfrms/pages/headshotupload.aspx satya challa’s team india direct us reach raviteja palivela issues. keep mind normally upload month could delay involved. thank","Headshots Headshots   Friday, September 04, 2015 8:14 AM just a heads up if you encounter an issue with a user’s photo not getting uploaded to  Outlook/Messenger. They should be submitting the photo here first:  https://my.berkadia.com/empfrms/Pages/HeadshotUpload.aspx Satya Challa’s team in India has directed us to reach out to RaviTeja Palivela with any issues. Keep in  mind normally they are only uploading these once a month so there could be some delay involved. Thanks    ","headshots headshots friday, september 04, 2015 8:14 head encounter issue user’s photo get upload outlook/messenger. submit photo first: https://my.berkadia.com/empfrms/pages/headshotupload.aspx satya challa’s team india direct us reach raviteja palivela issues. keep mind normally upload month could delay involved. thank"
176,Here are the required steps:,"6. Connect to your Mac a properly formatted 8GB (or larger) drive, and rename the drive Untitled. (The  Terminal command used here assumes the drive is named Untitled.) Also, make sure the Yosemite  installer, called Install OS X Yosemite.app, is in its default location in your main Applications folder  (/Applications). This means that if you moved it before installing Yosemite, you need to move it back  before making your installer disk. Select the text of this Terminal command and copy it:  sudo /Applications/Install\ OS\ X\ Yosemite.app/Contents/Resources/createinstallmedia --volume  /Volumes/Untitled --applicationpath /Applications/Install\ OS\ X\ Yosemite.app --nointeraction Launch Terminal (in /Applications/Utilities). Warning: This step will erase the destination drive or partition, so make sure that it doesn’t contain any  valuable data. Paste the copied command into Terminal and press Return. Type your admin-level account password when prompted, and then press Return. The Terminal window displays the progress of the process, in a very Terminal sort of way, by displaying a  textual representation of a progress bar: Erasing Disk: 0%... 10 percent...20 percent... and so on. The  program then tells you it’s copying the installer files, making the disk bootable, and copying boot files.  Wait until you see the text Copy Complete. Done. (see the screenshot above), which could take as long as  20 or 30 minutes, depending on how fast your Mac can copy data to your destination drive. You now have a bootable Yosemite install drive. If you like, you can rename the drive from its default  name of Install OS X Yosemite, though I think it’s kind of a catchy name.     ","[72, 0, 503, 691]",[651],"Here are the required steps: Here are the required steps: Here are the required steps: Here are the required steps: Here are the required steps: Here are the required steps: Here are the required steps: Here are the required steps: Here are the required steps: Here are the required steps:  6. Connect to your Mac a properly formatted 8GB (or larger) drive, and rename the drive Untitled. (The  Terminal command used here assumes the drive is named Untitled.) Also, make sure the Yosemite  installer, called Install OS X Yosemite.app, is in its default location in your main Applications folder  (/Applications). This means that if you moved it before installing Yosemite, you need to move it back  before making your installer disk. Select the text of this Terminal command and copy it:  sudo /Applications/Install\ OS\ X\ Yosemite.app/Contents/Resources/createinstallmedia --volume  /Volumes/Untitled --applicationpath /Applications/Install\ OS\ X\ Yosemite.app --nointeraction Launch Terminal (in /Applications/Utilities). Warning: This step will erase the destination drive or partition, so make sure that it doesn’t contain any  valuable data. Paste the copied command into Terminal and press Return. Type your admin-level account password when prompted, and then press Return. The Terminal window displays the progress of the process, in a very Terminal sort of way, by displaying a  textual representation of a progress bar: Erasing Disk: 0%... 10 percent...20 percent... and so on. The  program then tells you it’s copying the installer files, making the disk bootable, and copying boot files.  Wait until you see the text Copy Complete. Done. (see the screenshot above), which could take as long as  20 or 30 minutes, depending on how fast your Mac can copy data to your destination drive. You now have a bootable Yosemite install drive. If you like, you can rename the drive from its default  name of Install OS X Yosemite, though I think it’s kind of a catchy name.     ","require steps: require steps: require steps: require steps: require steps: require steps: require steps: require steps: require steps: require steps: 6. connect mac properly format 8gb (or larger) drive, rename drive untitled. (the terminal command use assume drive name untitled.) also, make sure yosemite installer, call install os x yosemite.app, default location main applications folder (/applications). mean move instal yosemite, need move back make installer disk. select text terminal command copy it: sudo /applications/install\ os\ x\ yosemite.app/contents/resources/createinstallmedia --volume /volumes/untitled --applicationpath /applications/install\ os\ x\ yosemite.app --nointeraction launch terminal (in /applications/utilities). warning: step erase destination drive partition, make sure doesn’t contain valuable data. paste copy command terminal press return. type admin-level account password prompted, press return. terminal window display progress process, terminal sort way, display textual representation progress bar: erase disk: 0%... 10 percent...20 percent... on. program tell it’s copy installer files, make disk bootable, copy boot files. wait see text copy complete. done. (see screenshot above), could take long 20 30 minutes, depend fast mac copy data destination drive. bootable yosemite install drive. like, rename drive default name install os x yosemite, though think it’s kind catchy name.","Here are the required steps: Here are the required steps:  6. Connect to your Mac a properly formatted 8GB (or larger) drive, and rename the drive Untitled. (The  Terminal command used here assumes the drive is named Untitled.) Also, make sure the Yosemite  installer, called Install OS X Yosemite.app, is in its default location in your main Applications folder  (/Applications). This means that if you moved it before installing Yosemite, you need to move it back  before making your installer disk. Select the text of this Terminal command and copy it:  sudo /Applications/Install\ OS\ X\ Yosemite.app/Contents/Resources/createinstallmedia --volume  /Volumes/Untitled --applicationpath /Applications/Install\ OS\ X\ Yosemite.app --nointeraction Launch Terminal (in /Applications/Utilities). Warning: This step will erase the destination drive or partition, so make sure that it doesn’t contain any  valuable data. Paste the copied command into Terminal and press Return. Type your admin-level account password when prompted, and then press Return. The Terminal window displays the progress of the process, in a very Terminal sort of way, by displaying a  textual representation of a progress bar: Erasing Disk: 0%... 10 percent...20 percent... and so on. The  program then tells you it’s copying the installer files, making the disk bootable, and copying boot files.  Wait until you see the text Copy Complete. Done. (see the screenshot above), which could take as long as  20 or 30 minutes, depending on how fast your Mac can copy data to your destination drive. You now have a bootable Yosemite install drive. If you like, you can rename the drive from its default  name of Install OS X Yosemite, though I think it’s kind of a catchy name.     ","require steps: require steps: 6. connect mac properly format 8gb (or larger) drive, rename drive untitled. (the terminal command use assume drive name untitled.) also, make sure yosemite installer, call install os x yosemite.app, default location main applications folder (/applications). mean move instal yosemite, need move back make installer disk. select text terminal command copy it: sudo /applications/install\ os\ x\ yosemite.app/contents/resources/createinstallmedia --volume /volumes/untitled --applicationpath /applications/install\ os\ x\ yosemite.app --nointeraction launch terminal (in /applications/utilities). warning: step erase destination drive partition, make sure doesn’t contain valuable data. paste copy command terminal press return. type admin-level account password prompted, press return. terminal window display progress process, terminal sort way, display textual representation progress bar: erase disk: 0%... 10 percent...20 percent... on. program tell it’s copy installer files, make disk bootable, copy boot files. wait see text copy complete. done. (see screenshot above), could take long 20 30 minutes, depend fast mac copy data destination drive. bootable yosemite install drive. like, rename drive default name install os x yosemite, though think it’s kind catchy name."
177,Home Drives," Wednesday, March 07, 2018 1:31 AM *** Drafting *** https://social.technet.microsoft.com/Forums/windows/en-US/af897ac9-414b-4fdc-aa2b- d458cbd66790/map-home-folder-in-ad-through-vpn?forum=winserverDS When a user is working remotely and boot up their PC, Windows can fail to map H: drive with the  user's home folder. This issue can become persistent even when the user returns to the office. You will have to re-map the user's H: drive manually and make sure Reconnect at logon is checked    ","[72, 0, 188, 775]",[225],"Home Drives Home Drives Home Drives Home Drives Home Drives Home Drives Home Drives Home Drives Home Drives Home Drives   Wednesday, March 07, 2018 1:31 AM *** Drafting *** https://social.technet.microsoft.com/Forums/windows/en-US/af897ac9-414b-4fdc-aa2b- d458cbd66790/map-home-folder-in-ad-through-vpn?forum=winserverDS When a user is working remotely and boot up their PC, Windows can fail to map H: drive with the  user's home folder. This issue can become persistent even when the user returns to the office. You will have to re-map the user's H: drive manually and make sure Reconnect at logon is checked    ","home drive home drive home drive home drive home drive home drive home drive home drive home drive home drive wednesday, march 07, 2018 1:31 *** draft *** https://social.technet.microsoft.com/forums/windows/en-us/af897ac9-414b-4fdc-aa2b- d458cbd66790/map-home-folder-in-ad-through-vpnforum=winserverds user work remotely boot pc, windows fail map h: drive user's home folder. issue become persistent even user return office. re-map user's h: drive manually make sure reconnect logon check","Home Drives Home Drives   Wednesday, March 07, 2018 1:31 AM *** Drafting *** https://social.technet.microsoft.com/Forums/windows/en-US/af897ac9-414b-4fdc-aa2b- d458cbd66790/map-home-folder-in-ad-through-vpn?forum=winserverDS When a user is working remotely and boot up their PC, Windows can fail to map H: drive with the  user's home folder. This issue can become persistent even when the user returns to the office. You will have to re-map the user's H: drive manually and make sure Reconnect at logon is checked    ","home drive home drive wednesday, march 07, 2018 1:31 *** draft *** https://social.technet.microsoft.com/forums/windows/en-us/af897ac9-414b-4fdc-aa2b- d458cbd66790/map-home-folder-in-ad-through-vpnforum=winserverds user work remotely boot pc, windows fail map h: drive user's home folder. issue become persistent even user return office. re-map user's h: drive manually make sure reconnect logon check"
178,Houston Loaner Inventory," Friday, August 25, 2017 3:13 PM S/N Name Model User Assigned To Date Sent Tech that Shipped    ","[72, 0, 167, 775]",[1131],"Houston Loaner Inventory Houston Loaner Inventory Houston Loaner Inventory Houston Loaner Inventory Houston Loaner Inventory Houston Loaner Inventory Houston Loaner Inventory Houston Loaner Inventory Houston Loaner Inventory Houston Loaner Inventory   Friday, August 25, 2017 3:13 PM S/N Name Model User Assigned To Date Sent Tech that Shipped    ","houston loaner inventory houston loaner inventory houston loaner inventory houston loaner inventory houston loaner inventory houston loaner inventory houston loaner inventory houston loaner inventory houston loaner inventory houston loaner inventory friday, august 25, 2017 3:13 pm s/n name model user assign date send tech ship","Houston Loaner Inventory Houston Loaner Inventory   Friday, August 25, 2017 3:13 PM S/N Name Model User Assigned To Date Sent Tech that Shipped    ","houston loaner inventory houston loaner inventory friday, august 25, 2017 3:13 pm s/n name model user assign date send tech ship"
179,How to Create a shared mailbox," Wednesday, July 26, 2017 2:23 AM How to create a shared Mailbox Make sure that a mailbox of a similar name of purpose does not already exist on the network. 1. Create a security group titled MBX CARS Leads – Full; add the user he requested with  access to the mailbox to the  Login to Active Directory -> expand gmaccm.com -> go to Berkadia -> Groups -> New ->  Group Note: group should be created in Berkadia > Groups Now enter group name MBX CARS Leads – Full and click OK      Now Select Universal and clik ok Now give the description and owner name Full and Send As Permissions to CARS Leads Mailbox Owner: Matt Segal      Now go to members tab and click on add Now add the user by typing there names and click on check names      Now click on OK. Now click on apply and then click OK.      Now click on Managed by and click on change Now add the owner name and click ok      Click on Manager can update membership list 2. Create the mailbox titled CARS Leads and provide the group with Full and Send As permissions to the mailbox.... The mailbox would be created in gmaccm\berkadia\exchange\shared (that is the location  in which all shared mailboxes are located.)      Now enter the first name as CARS Leads and user logon name = CLeads      Now click on Account is disabled and click on next Now click on finish      Now open the user which u created now and add the description Place the words Disabled Mailbox Acct, In the front of the current description example :  Disabled Mailbox Acct, CARS Leads MBX Req Dana Jo Martino 11/20/12 BIT107641 MS      Now go to Organization tab and click on change and add the owner Now enter the owner name and click on check names      Now click on OK     Now the owner name will appear in Manager Name         Now go to Telephones tab and add the owner name there and click OK      Now go to exchange. Create the mailbox titled CARS Leads and provide the group with Full and Send As permissions  to the mailbox.... Expand Microsoft Exchange On-Premises -> Recipient configuration-> Right click on Mailbox  and select New Mailbox Now choose user Mailbox and click on next      Now select Existing users and select on Add      Now type Cars in search field and select CARS Leads and click ok Now click on Next      Now click on Browse      Type Horsham in search field and select Horsham_DB2 and click on OK Now click on Next      Now click on New      Now click on Finish      Now go to property of CARs Leads Mailbox Change the Alias from cleads to CARS LEADS      Change the Alias from cleads to CARS LEADS      Now go to Email Adddress tab and click on Add      Now type cleads@berkadia.com in SMTP email address Now click on Ok.      Now click on custom Attributes in general tab and put X in 14 Line. And then click on OK      Managed send as Permission (Assigning send as  permission)                 Right click on the CARS Leads and click on manage send as permission Now click on Add      Now type mbx cars in search field and click on find Now Now select the MBX cars Leads – Full and click on OK      Click on Manage  Now click on Finish      Managed Full access Permission (Assigning FULL permission)                 Right click on the CARS Leads and click on manage full access permission Now click on Add      Now type mbx cars in search field and click on find Now Now select the MBX cars Leads – Full and click on OK Click on Manage       Now click on Finish      Now open Exchange Management shell from remote.berkadia.com      Set-Mailbox 'CARS Leads’ -Type: Shared In short please follow below steps Req  BIT107641  name of the mailbox = CARS Leads Make sure that a mailbox of a similar name of purpose does not already exist on the  network. 1.Create a security group titled MBX CARS Leads – Full; add the user he requested with  access to the mailbox to the  2.than create the mailbox titled CARS Leads and provide the group with Full and Send As permissions to the mailbox.... 3. make sure you identify the owner in both the group and mailbox.... 4. group should be created in Berkadia > Groups 5. the mailbox would be created in gmaccm\berkadia\exchange\shared (that is the      5. the mailbox would be created in gmaccm\berkadia\exchange\shared (that is the  location in which all shared mailboxes are located.) 6. user logon name = CLeads 7. Alias should be set to CARSLeads 8. Place the words Disabled Mailbox Acct, In the front of the current description  example : Disabled Mailbox Acct, CARS Leads MBX Req Dana Jo Martino 11/20/12  BIT107641 MS 9. in addition, open up Exchange 2010 Management Shell and run the following  command Set-Mailbox ' CARS Leads -Type: Shared that command will change the mailbox from a user mailbox to a shared mailbox (it also disables  the account from being logged into)      Creating a New Root folder Wednesday, July 26, 2017 2:31 AM How to Create a New Root Folder To create New Root Folder - Requested user has to fill the Network Security Request Form for the Shared  Folder on Root folder with the approval of Vice President. Business Requirement: User should specify clear business requirement to create new folder. Name of the folder: The folder name should be Unique and related to Business particular name and it  should not be personal name. To create a folder on \\gmaccm.com\shared 1. 2. Logon to PA508f1 Server. (eg: \\gmaccm\shared\One-on-One-HR$) Create Folder as per the request. (Share Folder should be created with Hidden share folder (One- on-One-HR) to that particular folder and add Domain Admins Full permissions & Authenticated  Users Change permissions under the Shared permissions.) 3. 4. Create Security Group for that folder.(pa One-on-One-HR - M) based on access request level (Read  or Modify) below location. 5. 6. Update the Security Group with details and Share folder path.     7. 1. Add users in Members Tab in this Security group 2. Go to Distributed File System à Select the Domain Name(i.e. gmaccm.com) àShared 3. 4. Click on Main Path (i.e. gmaccm.com\shared). Right click on it. Select New Folder. 1. Enter the folder Name (One-on-One-HR $)in the Name as showed in Picutre1 2. 3. Click on folder Target and ADD Folder Target by bwosing under folder to Target.\\pa508f1\One-on-     3. Click on folder Target and ADD Folder Target by bwosing under folder to Target.\\pa508f1\One-on- One-HR$ Click Ok. 4. 5. 6. 7. Make sure the folder Exist and Accessible. Notify the user.    ","[40, 6, 72, 775]","[714, 749]","How to Create a shared mailbox How to Create a shared mailbox How to Create a shared mailbox How to Create a shared mailbox How to Create a shared mailbox How to Create a shared mailbox How to Create a shared mailbox How to Create a shared mailbox How to Create a shared mailbox How to Create a shared mailbox   Wednesday, July 26, 2017 2:23 AM How to create a shared Mailbox Make sure that a mailbox of a similar name of purpose does not already exist on the network. 1. Create a security group titled MBX CARS Leads – Full; add the user he requested with  access to the mailbox to the  Login to Active Directory -> expand gmaccm.com -> go to Berkadia -> Groups -> New ->  Group Note: group should be created in Berkadia > Groups Now enter group name MBX CARS Leads – Full and click OK      Now Select Universal and clik ok Now give the description and owner name Full and Send As Permissions to CARS Leads Mailbox Owner: Matt Segal      Now go to members tab and click on add Now add the user by typing there names and click on check names      Now click on OK. Now click on apply and then click OK.      Now click on Managed by and click on change Now add the owner name and click ok      Click on Manager can update membership list 2. Create the mailbox titled CARS Leads and provide the group with Full and Send As permissions to the mailbox.... The mailbox would be created in gmaccm\berkadia\exchange\shared (that is the location  in which all shared mailboxes are located.)      Now enter the first name as CARS Leads and user logon name = CLeads      Now click on Account is disabled and click on next Now click on finish      Now open the user which u created now and add the description Place the words Disabled Mailbox Acct, In the front of the current description example :  Disabled Mailbox Acct, CARS Leads MBX Req Dana Jo Martino 11/20/12 BIT107641 MS      Now go to Organization tab and click on change and add the owner Now enter the owner name and click on check names      Now click on OK     Now the owner name will appear in Manager Name         Now go to Telephones tab and add the owner name there and click OK      Now go to exchange. Create the mailbox titled CARS Leads and provide the group with Full and Send As permissions  to the mailbox.... Expand Microsoft Exchange On-Premises -> Recipient configuration-> Right click on Mailbox  and select New Mailbox Now choose user Mailbox and click on next      Now select Existing users and select on Add      Now type Cars in search field and select CARS Leads and click ok Now click on Next      Now click on Browse      Type Horsham in search field and select Horsham_DB2 and click on OK Now click on Next      Now click on New      Now click on Finish      Now go to property of CARs Leads Mailbox Change the Alias from cleads to CARS LEADS      Change the Alias from cleads to CARS LEADS      Now go to Email Adddress tab and click on Add      Now type cleads@berkadia.com in SMTP email address Now click on Ok.      Now click on custom Attributes in general tab and put X in 14 Line. And then click on OK      Managed send as Permission (Assigning send as  permission)                 Right click on the CARS Leads and click on manage send as permission Now click on Add      Now type mbx cars in search field and click on find Now Now select the MBX cars Leads – Full and click on OK      Click on Manage  Now click on Finish      Managed Full access Permission (Assigning FULL permission)                 Right click on the CARS Leads and click on manage full access permission Now click on Add      Now type mbx cars in search field and click on find Now Now select the MBX cars Leads – Full and click on OK Click on Manage       Now click on Finish      Now open Exchange Management shell from remote.berkadia.com      Set-Mailbox 'CARS Leads’ -Type: Shared In short please follow below steps Req  BIT107641  name of the mailbox = CARS Leads Make sure that a mailbox of a similar name of purpose does not already exist on the  network. 1.Create a security group titled MBX CARS Leads – Full; add the user he requested with  access to the mailbox to the  2.than create the mailbox titled CARS Leads and provide the group with Full and Send As permissions to the mailbox.... 3. make sure you identify the owner in both the group and mailbox.... 4. group should be created in Berkadia > Groups 5. the mailbox would be created in gmaccm\berkadia\exchange\shared (that is the      5. the mailbox would be created in gmaccm\berkadia\exchange\shared (that is the  location in which all shared mailboxes are located.) 6. user logon name = CLeads 7. Alias should be set to CARSLeads 8. Place the words Disabled Mailbox Acct, In the front of the current description  example : Disabled Mailbox Acct, CARS Leads MBX Req Dana Jo Martino 11/20/12  BIT107641 MS 9. in addition, open up Exchange 2010 Management Shell and run the following  command Set-Mailbox ' CARS Leads -Type: Shared that command will change the mailbox from a user mailbox to a shared mailbox (it also disables  the account from being logged into)      Creating a New Root folder Wednesday, July 26, 2017 2:31 AM How to Create a New Root Folder To create New Root Folder - Requested user has to fill the Network Security Request Form for the Shared  Folder on Root folder with the approval of Vice President. Business Requirement: User should specify clear business requirement to create new folder. Name of the folder: The folder name should be Unique and related to Business particular name and it  should not be personal name. To create a folder on \\gmaccm.com\shared 1. 2. Logon to PA508f1 Server. (eg: \\gmaccm\shared\One-on-One-HR$) Create Folder as per the request. (Share Folder should be created with Hidden share folder (One- on-One-HR) to that particular folder and add Domain Admins Full permissions & Authenticated  Users Change permissions under the Shared permissions.) 3. 4. Create Security Group for that folder.(pa One-on-One-HR - M) based on access request level (Read  or Modify) below location. 5. 6. Update the Security Group with details and Share folder path.     7. 1. Add users in Members Tab in this Security group 2. Go to Distributed File System à Select the Domain Name(i.e. gmaccm.com) àShared 3. 4. Click on Main Path (i.e. gmaccm.com\shared). Right click on it. Select New Folder. 1. Enter the folder Name (One-on-One-HR $)in the Name as showed in Picutre1 2. 3. Click on folder Target and ADD Folder Target by bwosing under folder to Target.\\pa508f1\One-on-     3. Click on folder Target and ADD Folder Target by bwosing under folder to Target.\\pa508f1\One-on- One-HR$ Click Ok. 4. 5. 6. 7. Make sure the folder Exist and Accessible. Notify the user.    ","create share mailbox create share mailbox create share mailbox create share mailbox create share mailbox create share mailbox create share mailbox create share mailbox create share mailbox create share mailbox wednesday, july 26, 2017 2:23 create share mailbox make sure mailbox similar name purpose already exist network. 1. create security group title mbx cars lead – full; add user request access mailbox login active directory -> expand gmaccm.com -> go berkadia -> group -> new -> group note: group create berkadia > group enter group name mbx cars lead – full click ok select universal clik ok give description owner name full send permissions cars lead mailbox owner: matt segal go members tab click add add user type name click check name click ok. click apply click ok. click manage click change add owner name click ok click manager update membership list 2. create mailbox title cars lead provide group full send permissions mailbox.... mailbox would create gmaccm\berkadia\exchange\shared (that location share mailboxes located.) enter first name cars lead user logon name = cleads click account disable click next click finish open user u create add description place word disable mailbox acct, front current description example : disable mailbox acct, cars lead mbx req dana jo martino 11/20/12 bit107641 ms go organization tab click change add owner enter owner name click check name click ok owner name appear manager name go telephone tab add owner name click ok go exchange. create mailbox title cars lead provide group full send permissions mailbox.... expand microsoft exchange on-premises -> recipient configuration-> right click mailbox select new mailbox choose user mailbox click next select exist users select add type cars search field select cars lead click ok click next click browse type horsham search field select horsham_db2 click ok click next click new click finish go property cars lead mailbox change alias cleads cars lead change alias cleads cars lead go email adddress tab click add type cleads@berkadia.com smtp email address click ok. click custom attribute general tab put x 14 line. click ok manage send permission (assigning send permission) right click cars lead click manage send permission click add type mbx cars search field click find select mbx cars lead – full click ok click manage click finish manage full access permission (assigning full permission) right click cars lead click manage full access permission click add type mbx cars search field click find select mbx cars lead – full click ok click manage click finish open exchange management shell remote.berkadia.com set-mailbox 'cars leads’ -type: share short please follow step req bit107641 name mailbox = cars lead make sure mailbox similar name purpose already exist network. 1.create security group title mbx cars lead – full; add user request access mailbox 2.than create mailbox title cars lead provide group full send permissions mailbox.... 3. make sure identify owner group mailbox.... 4. group create berkadia > group 5. mailbox would create gmaccm\berkadia\exchange\shared (that 5. mailbox would create gmaccm\berkadia\exchange\shared (that location share mailboxes located.) 6. user logon name = cleads 7. alias set carsleads 8. place word disable mailbox acct, front current description example : disable mailbox acct, cars lead mbx req dana jo martino 11/20/12 bit107641 ms 9. addition, open exchange 2010 management shell run follow command set-mailbox ' cars lead -type: share command change mailbox user mailbox share mailbox (it also disable account log into) create new root folder wednesday, july 26, 2017 2:31 create new root folder create new root folder - request user fill network security request form share folder root folder approval vice president. business requirement: user specify clear business requirement create new folder. name folder: folder name unique relate business particular name personal name. create folder \\gmaccm.com\shared 1. 2. logon pa508f1 server. (eg: \\gmaccm\shared\one-on-one-hr$) create folder per request. (share folder create hide share folder (one- on-one-hr) particular folder add domain admins full permissions & authenticate users change permissions share permissions.) 3. 4. create security group folder.(pa one-on-one-hr - m) base access request level (read modify) location. 5. 6. update security group detail share folder path. 7. 1. add users members tab security group 2. go distribute file system à select domain name(i.e. gmaccm.com) àshared 3. 4. click main path (i.e. gmaccm.com\shared). right click it. select new folder. 1. enter folder name (one-on-one-hr $)in name show picutre1 2. 3. click folder target add folder target bwosing folder target.\\pa508f1\one-on- 3. click folder target add folder target bwosing folder target.\\pa508f1\one-on- one-hr$ click ok. 4. 5. 6. 7. make sure folder exist accessible. notify user.","How to Create a shared mailbox How to Create a shared mailbox   Wednesday, July 26, 2017 2:23 AM How to create a shared Mailbox Make sure that a mailbox of a similar name of purpose does not already exist on the network. 1. Create a security group titled MBX CARS Leads – Full; add the user he requested with  access to the mailbox to the  Login to Active Directory -> expand gmaccm.com -> go to Berkadia -> Groups -> New ->  Group Note: group should be created in Berkadia > Groups Now enter group name MBX CARS Leads – Full and click OK      Now Select Universal and clik ok Now give the description and owner name Full and Send As Permissions to CARS Leads Mailbox Owner: Matt Segal      Now go to members tab and click on add Now add the user by typing there names and click on check names      Now click on OK. Now click on apply and then click OK.      Now click on Managed by and click on change Now add the owner name and click ok      Click on Manager can update membership list 2. Create the mailbox titled CARS Leads and provide the group with Full and Send As permissions to the mailbox.... The mailbox would be created in gmaccm\berkadia\exchange\shared (that is the location  in which all shared mailboxes are located.)      Now enter the first name as CARS Leads and user logon name = CLeads      Now click on Account is disabled and click on next Now click on finish      Now open the user which u created now and add the description Place the words Disabled Mailbox Acct, In the front of the current description example :  Disabled Mailbox Acct, CARS Leads MBX Req Dana Jo Martino 11/20/12 BIT107641 MS      Now go to Organization tab and click on change and add the owner Now enter the owner name and click on check names      Now click on OK     Now the owner name will appear in Manager Name         Now go to Telephones tab and add the owner name there and click OK      Now go to exchange. Create the mailbox titled CARS Leads and provide the group with Full and Send As permissions  to the mailbox.... Expand Microsoft Exchange On-Premises -> Recipient configuration-> Right click on Mailbox  and select New Mailbox Now choose user Mailbox and click on next      Now select Existing users and select on Add      Now type Cars in search field and select CARS Leads and click ok Now click on Next      Now click on Browse      Type Horsham in search field and select Horsham_DB2 and click on OK Now click on Next      Now click on New      Now click on Finish      Now go to property of CARs Leads Mailbox Change the Alias from cleads to CARS LEADS      Change the Alias from cleads to CARS LEADS      Now go to Email Adddress tab and click on Add      Now type cleads@berkadia.com in SMTP email address Now click on Ok.      Now click on custom Attributes in general tab and put X in 14 Line. And then click on OK      Managed send as Permission (Assigning send as  permission)                 Right click on the CARS Leads and click on manage send as permission Now click on Add      Now type mbx cars in search field and click on find Now Now select the MBX cars Leads – Full and click on OK      Click on Manage  Now click on Finish      Managed Full access Permission (Assigning FULL permission)                 Right click on the CARS Leads and click on manage full access permission Now click on Add      Now type mbx cars in search field and click on find Now Now select the MBX cars Leads – Full and click on OK Click on Manage       Now click on Finish      Now open Exchange Management shell from remote.berkadia.com      Set-Mailbox 'CARS Leads’ -Type: Shared In short please follow below steps Req  BIT107641  name of the mailbox = CARS Leads Make sure that a mailbox of a similar name of purpose does not already exist on the  network. 1.Create a security group titled MBX CARS Leads – Full; add the user he requested with  access to the mailbox to the  2.than create the mailbox titled CARS Leads and provide the group with Full and Send As permissions to the mailbox.... 3. make sure you identify the owner in both the group and mailbox.... 4. group should be created in Berkadia > Groups 5. the mailbox would be created in gmaccm\berkadia\exchange\shared (that is the      5. the mailbox would be created in gmaccm\berkadia\exchange\shared (that is the  location in which all shared mailboxes are located.) 6. user logon name = CLeads 7. Alias should be set to CARSLeads 8. Place the words Disabled Mailbox Acct, In the front of the current description  example : Disabled Mailbox Acct, CARS Leads MBX Req Dana Jo Martino 11/20/12  BIT107641 MS 9. in addition, open up Exchange 2010 Management Shell and run the following  command Set-Mailbox ' CARS Leads -Type: Shared that command will change the mailbox from a user mailbox to a shared mailbox (it also disables  the account from being logged into)      Creating a New Root folder Wednesday, July 26, 2017 2:31 AM How to Create a New Root Folder To create New Root Folder - Requested user has to fill the Network Security Request Form for the Shared  Folder on Root folder with the approval of Vice President. Business Requirement: User should specify clear business requirement to create new folder. Name of the folder: The folder name should be Unique and related to Business particular name and it  should not be personal name. To create a folder on \\gmaccm.com\shared 1. 2. Logon to PA508f1 Server. (eg: \\gmaccm\shared\One-on-One-HR$) Create Folder as per the request. (Share Folder should be created with Hidden share folder (One- on-One-HR) to that particular folder and add Domain Admins Full permissions & Authenticated  Users Change permissions under the Shared permissions.) 3. 4. Create Security Group for that folder.(pa One-on-One-HR - M) based on access request level (Read  or Modify) below location. 5. 6. Update the Security Group with details and Share folder path.     7. 1. Add users in Members Tab in this Security group 2. Go to Distributed File System à Select the Domain Name(i.e. gmaccm.com) àShared 3. 4. Click on Main Path (i.e. gmaccm.com\shared). Right click on it. Select New Folder. 1. Enter the folder Name (One-on-One-HR $)in the Name as showed in Picutre1 2. 3. Click on folder Target and ADD Folder Target by bwosing under folder to Target.\\pa508f1\One-on-     3. Click on folder Target and ADD Folder Target by bwosing under folder to Target.\\pa508f1\One-on- One-HR$ Click Ok. 4. 5. 6. 7. Make sure the folder Exist and Accessible. Notify the user.    ","create share mailbox create share mailbox wednesday, july 26, 2017 2:23 create share mailbox make sure mailbox similar name purpose already exist network. 1. create security group title mbx cars lead – full; add user request access mailbox login active directory -> expand gmaccm.com -> go berkadia -> group -> new -> group note: group create berkadia > group enter group name mbx cars lead – full click ok select universal clik ok give description owner name full send permissions cars lead mailbox owner: matt segal go members tab click add add user type name click check name click ok. click apply click ok. click manage click change add owner name click ok click manager update membership list 2. create mailbox title cars lead provide group full send permissions mailbox.... mailbox would create gmaccm\berkadia\exchange\shared (that location share mailboxes located.) enter first name cars lead user logon name = cleads click account disable click next click finish open user u create add description place word disable mailbox acct, front current description example : disable mailbox acct, cars lead mbx req dana jo martino 11/20/12 bit107641 ms go organization tab click change add owner enter owner name click check name click ok owner name appear manager name go telephone tab add owner name click ok go exchange. create mailbox title cars lead provide group full send permissions mailbox.... expand microsoft exchange on-premises -> recipient configuration-> right click mailbox select new mailbox choose user mailbox click next select exist users select add type cars search field select cars lead click ok click next click browse type horsham search field select horsham_db2 click ok click next click new click finish go property cars lead mailbox change alias cleads cars lead change alias cleads cars lead go email adddress tab click add type cleads@berkadia.com smtp email address click ok. click custom attribute general tab put x 14 line. click ok manage send permission (assigning send permission) right click cars lead click manage send permission click add type mbx cars search field click find select mbx cars lead – full click ok click manage click finish manage full access permission (assigning full permission) right click cars lead click manage full access permission click add type mbx cars search field click find select mbx cars lead – full click ok click manage click finish open exchange management shell remote.berkadia.com set-mailbox 'cars leads’ -type: share short please follow step req bit107641 name mailbox = cars lead make sure mailbox similar name purpose already exist network. 1.create security group title mbx cars lead – full; add user request access mailbox 2.than create mailbox title cars lead provide group full send permissions mailbox.... 3. make sure identify owner group mailbox.... 4. group create berkadia > group 5. mailbox would create gmaccm\berkadia\exchange\shared (that 5. mailbox would create gmaccm\berkadia\exchange\shared (that location share mailboxes located.) 6. user logon name = cleads 7. alias set carsleads 8. place word disable mailbox acct, front current description example : disable mailbox acct, cars lead mbx req dana jo martino 11/20/12 bit107641 ms 9. addition, open exchange 2010 management shell run follow command set-mailbox ' cars lead -type: share command change mailbox user mailbox share mailbox (it also disable account log into) create new root folder wednesday, july 26, 2017 2:31 create new root folder create new root folder - request user fill network security request form share folder root folder approval vice president. business requirement: user specify clear business requirement create new folder. name folder: folder name unique relate business particular name personal name. create folder \\gmaccm.com\shared 1. 2. logon pa508f1 server. (eg: \\gmaccm\shared\one-on-one-hr$) create folder per request. (share folder create hide share folder (one- on-one-hr) particular folder add domain admins full permissions & authenticate users change permissions share permissions.) 3. 4. create security group folder.(pa one-on-one-hr - m) base access request level (read modify) location. 5. 6. update security group detail share folder path. 7. 1. add users members tab security group 2. go distribute file system à select domain name(i.e. gmaccm.com) àshared 3. 4. click main path (i.e. gmaccm.com\shared). right click it. select new folder. 1. enter folder name (one-on-one-hr $)in name show picutre1 2. 3. click folder target add folder target bwosing folder target.\\pa508f1\one-on- 3. click folder target add folder target bwosing folder target.\\pa508f1\one-on- one-hr$ click ok. 4. 5. 6. 7. make sure folder exist accessible. notify user."
180,How to Register Your Swipe Card," Monday, December 14, 2015 10:36 AM Place your building badge in range of the sensor, located on all Xerox machines.      You will see this screen on the Xerox printer. Please click “Yes” in the upper right corner of the screen. Please insert your Network Account username (what you use to log into Windows on your computer).      This is an example of inputting your Network Account username. Please click “Done” when finished. Enter your Network Account password (also what you use to log into Windows on your computer).      This is an example of what inserting your password will look like. Please click “Done” when finished. You have completed set up. Please Log Out by using the Log In/Out button located on the Xerox.    ","[72, 0, 72, 182]","[1091, 1094]","How to Register Your Swipe Card How to Register Your Swipe Card How to Register Your Swipe Card How to Register Your Swipe Card How to Register Your Swipe Card How to Register Your Swipe Card How to Register Your Swipe Card How to Register Your Swipe Card How to Register Your Swipe Card How to Register Your Swipe Card   Monday, December 14, 2015 10:36 AM Place your building badge in range of the sensor, located on all Xerox machines.      You will see this screen on the Xerox printer. Please click “Yes” in the upper right corner of the screen. Please insert your Network Account username (what you use to log into Windows on your computer).      This is an example of inputting your Network Account username. Please click “Done” when finished. Enter your Network Account password (also what you use to log into Windows on your computer).      This is an example of what inserting your password will look like. Please click “Done” when finished. You have completed set up. Please Log Out by using the Log In/Out button located on the Xerox.    ","register swipe card register swipe card register swipe card register swipe card register swipe card register swipe card register swipe card register swipe card register swipe card register swipe card monday, december 14, 2015 10:36 place build badge range sensor, locate xerox machines. see screen xerox printer. please click “yes” upper right corner screen. please insert network account username (what use log windows computer). example inputting network account username. please click “done” finished. enter network account password (also use log windows computer). example insert password look like. please click “done” finished. complete set up. please log use log in/out button locate xerox.","How to Register Your Swipe Card How to Register Your Swipe Card   Monday, December 14, 2015 10:36 AM Place your building badge in range of the sensor, located on all Xerox machines.      You will see this screen on the Xerox printer. Please click “Yes” in the upper right corner of the screen. Please insert your Network Account username (what you use to log into Windows on your computer).      This is an example of inputting your Network Account username. Please click “Done” when finished. Enter your Network Account password (also what you use to log into Windows on your computer).      This is an example of what inserting your password will look like. Please click “Done” when finished. You have completed set up. Please Log Out by using the Log In/Out button located on the Xerox.    ","register swipe card register swipe card monday, december 14, 2015 10:36 place build badge range sensor, locate xerox machines. see screen xerox printer. please click “yes” upper right corner screen. please insert network account username (what use log windows computer). example inputting network account username. please click “done” finished. enter network account password (also use log windows computer). example insert password look like. please click “done” finished. complete set up. please log use log in/out button locate xerox."
181,How to Release a FollowYou Print Job," Monday, December 14, 2015 10:37 AM           Tuesday, December 22, 2015 11:49 AM           Xerox Cert Renewal Thursday, May 12, 2016 8:51 AM Created by Frank Ruffino To renew the device cert you will need to connect to the xerox device via the web console. >Click on properties >Login as the admin account >navigate to Security >expand the certificates section >select security certificates You will get this prompt when clicking on certs as it will change the connection to the web console  from HTTP to HTTPS Click Continue to this website (not recommended) Next select the xerox device certificate and click the button to create new xerox device certificate. When you click on create new xerox device certificate you will get a popup window >click ok Enter the information below that corresponds to its geographical location. But everything else  remains the same. Make sure to SHA256 as SHA1 is an older encryption hash that is no longer used  and vulnerable.      Once all the information has been put in then click finish. The pages will have a loading screen  once it completes it will display that the content was blocked.  Refresh the page  >Click continue to this website (not recommended) again  Now click on the certificate error to verify the certificate. You will get the message below, click view certificate You will receive a popup cert window similar to this below      As you can see the cert if valid for 365 days Next click on the details tab, then scroll down to the Subject field and select it. You will see in the details pain that the information entered on the device is in the cert.  This completes the cert renewal process.  Complete this step for all xerox's and update the xerox spreadsheet on the helpdesk sharepoint page  in the device cert column with the new expiration date.    ","[48, 5, 62, 10]","[1095, 1101]","How to Release a FollowYou Print Job How to Release a FollowYou Print Job How to Release a FollowYou Print Job How to Release a FollowYou Print Job How to Release a FollowYou Print Job How to Release a FollowYou Print Job How to Release a FollowYou Print Job How to Release a FollowYou Print Job How to Release a FollowYou Print Job How to Release a FollowYou Print Job   Monday, December 14, 2015 10:37 AM           Tuesday, December 22, 2015 11:49 AM           Xerox Cert Renewal Thursday, May 12, 2016 8:51 AM Created by Frank Ruffino To renew the device cert you will need to connect to the xerox device via the web console. >Click on properties >Login as the admin account >navigate to Security >expand the certificates section >select security certificates You will get this prompt when clicking on certs as it will change the connection to the web console  from HTTP to HTTPS Click Continue to this website (not recommended) Next select the xerox device certificate and click the button to create new xerox device certificate. When you click on create new xerox device certificate you will get a popup window >click ok Enter the information below that corresponds to its geographical location. But everything else  remains the same. Make sure to SHA256 as SHA1 is an older encryption hash that is no longer used  and vulnerable.      Once all the information has been put in then click finish. The pages will have a loading screen  once it completes it will display that the content was blocked.  Refresh the page  >Click continue to this website (not recommended) again  Now click on the certificate error to verify the certificate. You will get the message below, click view certificate You will receive a popup cert window similar to this below      As you can see the cert if valid for 365 days Next click on the details tab, then scroll down to the Subject field and select it. You will see in the details pain that the information entered on the device is in the cert.  This completes the cert renewal process.  Complete this step for all xerox's and update the xerox spreadsheet on the helpdesk sharepoint page  in the device cert column with the new expiration date.    ","release followyou print job release followyou print job release followyou print job release followyou print job release followyou print job release followyou print job release followyou print job release followyou print job release followyou print job release followyou print job monday, december 14, 2015 10:37 tuesday, december 22, 2015 11:49 xerox cert renewal thursday, may 12, 2016 8:51 create frank ruffino renew device cert need connect xerox device via web console. >click properties >login admin account >navigate security >expand certificate section >select security certificate get prompt click certs change connection web console http https click continue website (not recommended) next select xerox device certificate click button create new xerox device certificate. click create new xerox device certificate get popup window >click ok enter information correspond geographical location. everything else remain same. make sure sha256 sha1 older encryption hash longer use vulnerable. information put click finish. page load screen complete display content blocked. refresh page >click continue website (not recommended) click certificate error verify certificate. get message below, click view certificate receive popup cert window similar see cert valid 365 days next click detail tab, scroll subject field select it. see detail pain information enter device cert. complete cert renewal process. complete step xerox's update xerox spreadsheet helpdesk sharepoint page device cert column new expiration date.","How to Release a FollowYou Print Job How to Release a FollowYou Print Job   Monday, December 14, 2015 10:37 AM           Tuesday, December 22, 2015 11:49 AM           Xerox Cert Renewal Thursday, May 12, 2016 8:51 AM Created by Frank Ruffino To renew the device cert you will need to connect to the xerox device via the web console. >Click on properties >Login as the admin account >navigate to Security >expand the certificates section >select security certificates You will get this prompt when clicking on certs as it will change the connection to the web console  from HTTP to HTTPS Click Continue to this website (not recommended) Next select the xerox device certificate and click the button to create new xerox device certificate. When you click on create new xerox device certificate you will get a popup window >click ok Enter the information below that corresponds to its geographical location. But everything else  remains the same. Make sure to SHA256 as SHA1 is an older encryption hash that is no longer used  and vulnerable.      Once all the information has been put in then click finish. The pages will have a loading screen  once it completes it will display that the content was blocked.  Refresh the page  >Click continue to this website (not recommended) again  Now click on the certificate error to verify the certificate. You will get the message below, click view certificate You will receive a popup cert window similar to this below      As you can see the cert if valid for 365 days Next click on the details tab, then scroll down to the Subject field and select it. You will see in the details pain that the information entered on the device is in the cert.  This completes the cert renewal process.  Complete this step for all xerox's and update the xerox spreadsheet on the helpdesk sharepoint page  in the device cert column with the new expiration date.    ","release followyou print job release followyou print job monday, december 14, 2015 10:37 tuesday, december 22, 2015 11:49 xerox cert renewal thursday, may 12, 2016 8:51 create frank ruffino renew device cert need connect xerox device via web console. >click properties >login admin account >navigate security >expand certificate section >select security certificate get prompt click certs change connection web console http https click continue website (not recommended) next select xerox device certificate click button create new xerox device certificate. click create new xerox device certificate get popup window >click ok enter information correspond geographical location. everything else remain same. make sure sha256 sha1 older encryption hash longer use vulnerable. information put click finish. page load screen complete display content blocked. refresh page >click continue website (not recommended) click certificate error verify certificate. get message below, click view certificate receive popup cert window similar see cert valid 365 days next click detail tab, scroll subject field select it. see detail pain information enter device cert. complete cert renewal process. complete step xerox's update xerox spreadsheet helpdesk sharepoint page device cert column new expiration date."
182,How to access Network Drives," Tuesday, December 08, 2015 8:47 AM You can either hit command + K or at the top of the screen click on go and select connect to  server Now type in the path of the folder you want to go to  and make sure to put smb:// before the path.     ","[72, 0, 189, 779]",[583],"How to access Network Drives How to access Network Drives How to access Network Drives How to access Network Drives How to access Network Drives How to access Network Drives How to access Network Drives How to access Network Drives How to access Network Drives How to access Network Drives   Tuesday, December 08, 2015 8:47 AM You can either hit command + K or at the top of the screen click on go and select connect to  server Now type in the path of the folder you want to go to  and make sure to put smb:// before the path.     ","access network drive access network drive access network drive access network drive access network drive access network drive access network drive access network drive access network drive access network drive tuesday, december 08, 2015 8:47 either hit command + k top screen click go select connect server type path folder want go make sure put smb:// path.","How to access Network Drives How to access Network Drives   Tuesday, December 08, 2015 8:47 AM You can either hit command + K or at the top of the screen click on go and select connect to  server Now type in the path of the folder you want to go to  and make sure to put smb:// before the path.     ","access network drive access network drive tuesday, december 08, 2015 8:47 either hit command + k top screen click go select connect server type path folder want go make sure put smb:// path."
183,IPPlan," Thursday, December 28, 2017 8:47 AM *** Drafting *** IPPlan is a web based IP addess management and tracking tool. It can be access by typing this in the  browser: ipplan/ Or https://pa401ip.gmaccm.com/ipplan/    ","[72, 0, 193, 775]",[808],"IPPlan IPPlan IPPlan IPPlan IPPlan IPPlan IPPlan IPPlan IPPlan IPPlan   Thursday, December 28, 2017 8:47 AM *** Drafting *** IPPlan is a web based IP addess management and tracking tool. It can be access by typing this in the  browser: ipplan/ Or https://pa401ip.gmaccm.com/ipplan/    ","ipplan ipplan ipplan ipplan ipplan ipplan ipplan ipplan ipplan ipplan thursday, december 28, 2017 8:47 *** draft *** ipplan web base ip add management track tool. access type browser: ipplan/ https://pa401ip.gmaccm.com/ipplan/","IPPlan IPPlan   Thursday, December 28, 2017 8:47 AM *** Drafting *** IPPlan is a web based IP addess management and tracking tool. It can be access by typing this in the  browser: ipplan/ Or https://pa401ip.gmaccm.com/ipplan/    ","ipplan ipplan thursday, december 28, 2017 8:47 *** draft *** ipplan web base ip add management track tool. access type browser: ipplan/ https://pa401ip.gmaccm.com/ipplan/"
184,ISE Admin Portal URL:," Wednesday, May 03, 2017 11:23 AM https://padc1ise1/admin/login.jsp https://padc1ise1.gmaccm.com/admin/login.jsp    ","[72, 0, 284, 591]",[789],"ISE Admin Portal URL: ISE Admin Portal URL: ISE Admin Portal URL: ISE Admin Portal URL: ISE Admin Portal URL: ISE Admin Portal URL: ISE Admin Portal URL: ISE Admin Portal URL: ISE Admin Portal URL: ISE Admin Portal URL:   Wednesday, May 03, 2017 11:23 AM https://padc1ise1/admin/login.jsp https://padc1ise1.gmaccm.com/admin/login.jsp    ","ise admin portal url: ise admin portal url: ise admin portal url: ise admin portal url: ise admin portal url: ise admin portal url: ise admin portal url: ise admin portal url: ise admin portal url: ise admin portal url: wednesday, may 03, 2017 11:23 https://padc1ise1/admin/login.jsp https://padc1ise1.gmaccm.com/admin/login.jsp","ISE Admin Portal URL: ISE Admin Portal URL:   Wednesday, May 03, 2017 11:23 AM https://padc1ise1/admin/login.jsp https://padc1ise1.gmaccm.com/admin/login.jsp    ","ise admin portal url: ise admin portal url: wednesday, may 03, 2017 11:23 https://padc1ise1/admin/login.jsp https://padc1ise1.gmaccm.com/admin/login.jsp"
185,ISE2 Admin Portal URL:," Wednesday, May 03, 2017 11:23 AM https://padc1ise1/admin/login.jsp","[72, 669, 225, 680]",[789],"ISE2 Admin Portal URL: ISE2 Admin Portal URL: ISE2 Admin Portal URL: ISE2 Admin Portal URL: ISE2 Admin Portal URL: ISE2 Admin Portal URL: ISE2 Admin Portal URL: ISE2 Admin Portal URL: ISE2 Admin Portal URL: ISE2 Admin Portal URL:   Wednesday, May 03, 2017 11:23 AM https://padc1ise1/admin/login.jsp","ise2 admin portal url: ise2 admin portal url: ise2 admin portal url: ise2 admin portal url: ise2 admin portal url: ise2 admin portal url: ise2 admin portal url: ise2 admin portal url: ise2 admin portal url: ise2 admin portal url: wednesday, may 03, 2017 11:23 https://padc1ise1/admin/login.jsp","ISE2 Admin Portal URL: ISE2 Admin Portal URL:   Wednesday, May 03, 2017 11:23 AM https://padc1ise1/admin/login.jsp","ise2 admin portal url: ise2 admin portal url: wednesday, may 03, 2017 11:23 https://padc1ise1/admin/login.jsp"
186,IT Teams Contacts," Thursday, May 31, 2018 11:22 AM  Thursday, May 31, 2018 11:22 AM                Tuesday, August 30, 2016 2:26 PM","[72, 769, 62, 779]","[63, 66]","IT Teams Contacts IT Teams Contacts IT Teams Contacts IT Teams Contacts IT Teams Contacts IT Teams Contacts IT Teams Contacts IT Teams Contacts IT Teams Contacts IT Teams Contacts   Thursday, May 31, 2018 11:22 AM  Thursday, May 31, 2018 11:22 AM                Tuesday, August 30, 2016 2:26 PM","team contact team contact team contact team contact team contact team contact team contact team contact team contact team contact thursday, may 31, 2018 11:22 thursday, may 31, 2018 11:22 tuesday, august 30, 2016 2:26 pm","IT Teams Contacts IT Teams Contacts   Thursday, May 31, 2018 11:22 AM  Thursday, May 31, 2018 11:22 AM                Tuesday, August 30, 2016 2:26 PM","team contact team contact thursday, may 31, 2018 11:22 thursday, may 31, 2018 11:22 tuesday, august 30, 2016 2:26 pm"
187,Import A PST File," Monday, December 10, 2012 2:26 PM HOW TO IMPORT A PST FILE  To access messages of the previous version of MS Outlook, do the following, step by step:  1. Open the application MS Outlook. 2. Select the menu command: File | Import and Export... 3. Select: Import from other program or file. 4. In the next dialogue, select: file of personal folders (.pst). 5. Now you need to indicate the complete path for your old *.pst.message file (the default path is C: \Documents and Settings\[username]\Local Settings\Application Data\Microsoft\Outlook 6. Next, indicate the folder into which you want to import the messages. 7. If you have several *.pst files, repeat this procedure for each of them. But following files are important,too.  *.pab (personal addressbook) *.fav (Shortcuts on Outlookboard) *.wab (Windows addressbook) *.rtf (Rich-Text Signatures) (but not all rtf files are signatures) *.htm (HTML Signatures); *.txt (Text Signatures) *.rwz (Ruleassisten (our constructed rules) *.nk2 (Nicknames, Mail Adresses) *.msnpst (MSN Connector files) *.srs ( transfer employment) *.oft (templates) *.dic (dictonary) *.oab (offline adressbook) JunkSenders.txt and AdultSenders.txt extend.dat (installed Addins) [default location drive :\Documents and Settings\ user \Local Settings\Application Data\Microsoft \Outlook] frmcache.dat (individual forms) [default location drive :\Documents and Settings\ user \Local Settings\Application Data\Microsoft \FORMS] View.dat (Userdefine file folder views) VbaProject.otm (Macros and VBA Programs)  Outlprnt (Printproperties) outcmd.dat (Symbolboards und Menueboard) [default location drive :\Documents and Settings\ user \Application Data\Microsoft\Outlook] Categories HKEY_Current_User\Software\Microsoft\Office\9.0\Outlook\Categories! Profiles  HKEY_Current_Uswer\Software\Microsoft\Windows\ NT\CurrentVersion\Windows Messaging  Subsystem\Profiles    ","[72, 0, 518, 779]",[334],"Import A PST File Import A PST File Import A PST File Import A PST File Import A PST File Import A PST File Import A PST File Import A PST File Import A PST File Import A PST File   Monday, December 10, 2012 2:26 PM HOW TO IMPORT A PST FILE  To access messages of the previous version of MS Outlook, do the following, step by step:  1. Open the application MS Outlook. 2. Select the menu command: File | Import and Export... 3. Select: Import from other program or file. 4. In the next dialogue, select: file of personal folders (.pst). 5. Now you need to indicate the complete path for your old *.pst.message file (the default path is C: \Documents and Settings\[username]\Local Settings\Application Data\Microsoft\Outlook 6. Next, indicate the folder into which you want to import the messages. 7. If you have several *.pst files, repeat this procedure for each of them. But following files are important,too.  *.pab (personal addressbook) *.fav (Shortcuts on Outlookboard) *.wab (Windows addressbook) *.rtf (Rich-Text Signatures) (but not all rtf files are signatures) *.htm (HTML Signatures); *.txt (Text Signatures) *.rwz (Ruleassisten (our constructed rules) *.nk2 (Nicknames, Mail Adresses) *.msnpst (MSN Connector files) *.srs ( transfer employment) *.oft (templates) *.dic (dictonary) *.oab (offline adressbook) JunkSenders.txt and AdultSenders.txt extend.dat (installed Addins) [default location drive :\Documents and Settings\ user \Local Settings\Application Data\Microsoft \Outlook] frmcache.dat (individual forms) [default location drive :\Documents and Settings\ user \Local Settings\Application Data\Microsoft \FORMS] View.dat (Userdefine file folder views) VbaProject.otm (Macros and VBA Programs)  Outlprnt (Printproperties) outcmd.dat (Symbolboards und Menueboard) [default location drive :\Documents and Settings\ user \Application Data\Microsoft\Outlook] Categories HKEY_Current_User\Software\Microsoft\Office\9.0\Outlook\Categories! Profiles  HKEY_Current_Uswer\Software\Microsoft\Windows\ NT\CurrentVersion\Windows Messaging  Subsystem\Profiles    ","import pst file import pst file import pst file import pst file import pst file import pst file import pst file import pst file import pst file import pst file monday, december 10, 2012 2:26 pm import pst file access message previous version ms outlook, following, step step: 1. open application ms outlook. 2. select menu command: file | import export... 3. select: import program file. 4. next dialogue, select: file personal folders (.pst). 5. need indicate complete path old *.pst.message file (the default path c: \documents settings\[username]\local settings\application data\microsoft\outlook 6. next, indicate folder want import messages. 7. several *.pst files, repeat procedure them. follow file important,too. *.pab (personal addressbook) *.fav (shortcuts outlookboard) *.wab (windows addressbook) *.rtf (rich-text signatures) (but rtf file signatures) *.htm (html signatures); *.txt (text signatures) *.rwz (ruleassisten (our construct rules) *.nk2 (nicknames, mail adresses) *.msnpst (msn connector files) *.srs ( transfer employment) *.oft (templates) *.dic (dictonary) *.oab (offline adressbook) junksenders.txt adultsenders.txt extend.dat (installed addins) [default location drive :\documents settings\ user \local settings\application data\microsoft \outlook] frmcache.dat (individual forms) [default location drive :\documents settings\ user \local settings\application data\microsoft \forms] view.dat (userdefine file folder views) vbaproject.otm (macros vba programs) outlprnt (printproperties) outcmd.dat (symbolboards und menueboard) [default location drive :\documents settings\ user \application data\microsoft\outlook] categories hkey_current_user\software\microsoft\office\9.0\outlook\categories! profile hkey_current_uswer\software\microsoft\windows\ nt\currentversion\windows message subsystem\profiles","Import A PST File Import A PST File   Monday, December 10, 2012 2:26 PM HOW TO IMPORT A PST FILE  To access messages of the previous version of MS Outlook, do the following, step by step:  1. Open the application MS Outlook. 2. Select the menu command: File | Import and Export... 3. Select: Import from other program or file. 4. In the next dialogue, select: file of personal folders (.pst). 5. Now you need to indicate the complete path for your old *.pst.message file (the default path is C: \Documents and Settings\[username]\Local Settings\Application Data\Microsoft\Outlook 6. Next, indicate the folder into which you want to import the messages. 7. If you have several *.pst files, repeat this procedure for each of them. But following files are important,too.  *.pab (personal addressbook) *.fav (Shortcuts on Outlookboard) *.wab (Windows addressbook) *.rtf (Rich-Text Signatures) (but not all rtf files are signatures) *.htm (HTML Signatures); *.txt (Text Signatures) *.rwz (Ruleassisten (our constructed rules) *.nk2 (Nicknames, Mail Adresses) *.msnpst (MSN Connector files) *.srs ( transfer employment) *.oft (templates) *.dic (dictonary) *.oab (offline adressbook) JunkSenders.txt and AdultSenders.txt extend.dat (installed Addins) [default location drive :\Documents and Settings\ user \Local Settings\Application Data\Microsoft \Outlook] frmcache.dat (individual forms) [default location drive :\Documents and Settings\ user \Local Settings\Application Data\Microsoft \FORMS] View.dat (Userdefine file folder views) VbaProject.otm (Macros and VBA Programs)  Outlprnt (Printproperties) outcmd.dat (Symbolboards und Menueboard) [default location drive :\Documents and Settings\ user \Application Data\Microsoft\Outlook] Categories HKEY_Current_User\Software\Microsoft\Office\9.0\Outlook\Categories! Profiles  HKEY_Current_Uswer\Software\Microsoft\Windows\ NT\CurrentVersion\Windows Messaging  Subsystem\Profiles    ","import pst file import pst file monday, december 10, 2012 2:26 pm import pst file access message previous version ms outlook, following, step step: 1. open application ms outlook. 2. select menu command: file | import export... 3. select: import program file. 4. next dialogue, select: file personal folders (.pst). 5. need indicate complete path old *.pst.message file (the default path c: \documents settings\[username]\local settings\application data\microsoft\outlook 6. next, indicate folder want import messages. 7. several *.pst files, repeat procedure them. follow file important,too. *.pab (personal addressbook) *.fav (shortcuts outlookboard) *.wab (windows addressbook) *.rtf (rich-text signatures) (but rtf file signatures) *.htm (html signatures); *.txt (text signatures) *.rwz (ruleassisten (our construct rules) *.nk2 (nicknames, mail adresses) *.msnpst (msn connector files) *.srs ( transfer employment) *.oft (templates) *.dic (dictonary) *.oab (offline adressbook) junksenders.txt adultsenders.txt extend.dat (installed addins) [default location drive :\documents settings\ user \local settings\application data\microsoft \outlook] frmcache.dat (individual forms) [default location drive :\documents settings\ user \local settings\application data\microsoft \forms] view.dat (userdefine file folder views) vbaproject.otm (macros vba programs) outlprnt (printproperties) outcmd.dat (symbolboards und menueboard) [default location drive :\documents settings\ user \application data\microsoft\outlook] categories hkey_current_user\software\microsoft\office\9.0\outlook\categories! profile hkey_current_uswer\software\microsoft\windows\ nt\currentversion\windows message subsystem\profiles"
188,Import Client Certificate," 1:54 PM Monday, December 10, 2012","[72, 769, 243, 779]",[480],"Import Client Certificate Import Client Certificate Import Client Certificate Import Client Certificate Import Client Certificate Import Client Certificate Import Client Certificate Import Client Certificate Import Client Certificate Import Client Certificate   1:54 PM Monday, December 10, 2012","import client certificate import client certificate import client certificate import client certificate import client certificate import client certificate import client certificate import client certificate import client certificate import client certificate 1:54 pm monday, december 10, 2012","Import Client Certificate Import Client Certificate   1:54 PM Monday, December 10, 2012","import client certificate import client certificate 1:54 pm monday, december 10, 2012"
189,Import Contact To Address Book Error," Wednesday, August 28, 2013 9:29 AM Issue: Due to a possible corrupt address in the outlook name cache. Resolution: If the error happens only for specific addresses, delete those addresses from the cache,  otherwise delete the entire cache.  Outlook 2010 and 2013 does not use the NK2 file; it stores the autocomplete cache in the mailbox or  data file. Outlook 2010 also creates a contact for people you send mail to, as insurance if the  autocomplete cache becomes corrupt. Look for these contacts in the Suggested Contacts folder. Clear the autocomplete cache using the File, Options, Mail, Empty Auto-complete list button. You can also use the /cleanautocompletecache switch to clear the cache.      Close Outlook. Press Windows key + R to open the Run command and type or paste the following  line and press enter to start Outlook. outlook.exe /cleanautocompletecache    ","[72, 0, 72, 779]","[343, 344]","Import Contact To Address Book Error Import Contact To Address Book Error Import Contact To Address Book Error Import Contact To Address Book Error Import Contact To Address Book Error Import Contact To Address Book Error Import Contact To Address Book Error Import Contact To Address Book Error Import Contact To Address Book Error Import Contact To Address Book Error   Wednesday, August 28, 2013 9:29 AM Issue: Due to a possible corrupt address in the outlook name cache. Resolution: If the error happens only for specific addresses, delete those addresses from the cache,  otherwise delete the entire cache.  Outlook 2010 and 2013 does not use the NK2 file; it stores the autocomplete cache in the mailbox or  data file. Outlook 2010 also creates a contact for people you send mail to, as insurance if the  autocomplete cache becomes corrupt. Look for these contacts in the Suggested Contacts folder. Clear the autocomplete cache using the File, Options, Mail, Empty Auto-complete list button. You can also use the /cleanautocompletecache switch to clear the cache.      Close Outlook. Press Windows key + R to open the Run command and type or paste the following  line and press enter to start Outlook. outlook.exe /cleanautocompletecache    ","import contact address book error import contact address book error import contact address book error import contact address book error import contact address book error import contact address book error import contact address book error import contact address book error import contact address book error import contact address book error wednesday, august 28, 2013 9:29 issue: due possible corrupt address outlook name cache. resolution: error happen specific addresses, delete address cache, otherwise delete entire cache. outlook 2010 2013 use nk2 file; store autocomplete cache mailbox data file. outlook 2010 also create contact people send mail to, insurance autocomplete cache become corrupt. look contact suggest contact folder. clear autocomplete cache use file, options, mail, empty auto-complete list button. also use /cleanautocompletecache switch clear cache. close outlook. press windows key + r open run command type paste follow line press enter start outlook. outlook.exe /cleanautocompletecache","Import Contact To Address Book Error Import Contact To Address Book Error   Wednesday, August 28, 2013 9:29 AM Issue: Due to a possible corrupt address in the outlook name cache. Resolution: If the error happens only for specific addresses, delete those addresses from the cache,  otherwise delete the entire cache.  Outlook 2010 and 2013 does not use the NK2 file; it stores the autocomplete cache in the mailbox or  data file. Outlook 2010 also creates a contact for people you send mail to, as insurance if the  autocomplete cache becomes corrupt. Look for these contacts in the Suggested Contacts folder. Clear the autocomplete cache using the File, Options, Mail, Empty Auto-complete list button. You can also use the /cleanautocompletecache switch to clear the cache.      Close Outlook. Press Windows key + R to open the Run command and type or paste the following  line and press enter to start Outlook. outlook.exe /cleanautocompletecache    ","import contact address book error import contact address book error wednesday, august 28, 2013 9:29 issue: due possible corrupt address outlook name cache. resolution: error happen specific addresses, delete address cache, otherwise delete entire cache. outlook 2010 2013 use nk2 file; store autocomplete cache mailbox data file. outlook 2010 also create contact people send mail to, insurance autocomplete cache become corrupt. look contact suggest contact folder. clear autocomplete cache use file, options, mail, empty auto-complete list button. also use /cleanautocompletecache switch clear cache. close outlook. press windows key + r open run command type paste follow line press enter start outlook. outlook.exe /cleanautocompletecache"
190,Import Holiday Calendar," 2:11 PM Monday, December 10, 2012 How to Import Your Holiday Calendar 1. Click and save this file to your desktop: \\gmaccmpa1\applic\Holiday Import \Holidays.2008- United States.xls 2. Open Microsoft Outlook.  3. On the menu bar, click on File, and then Import and Export... 4. Select Import from another program or file and then click Next.  5. Select Microsoft Excel and then click Next.  6. Click on Browse and go to your desktop where you saved the file earlier.  7. Double-click on the file that you downloaded earlier.  8. Under Options, select Replace duplicates with items imported.  9. Click Next.  10. Under Select Destination folder, select Calendar.  11. Click Next.  12. Click Finish.  13. That’s it! The 2008 Holiday Schedule will now appear on your calendar.    ","[72, 0, 473, 779]",[313],"Import Holiday Calendar Import Holiday Calendar Import Holiday Calendar Import Holiday Calendar Import Holiday Calendar Import Holiday Calendar Import Holiday Calendar Import Holiday Calendar Import Holiday Calendar Import Holiday Calendar   2:11 PM Monday, December 10, 2012 How to Import Your Holiday Calendar 1. Click and save this file to your desktop: \\gmaccmpa1\applic\Holiday Import \Holidays.2008- United States.xls 2. Open Microsoft Outlook.  3. On the menu bar, click on File, and then Import and Export... 4. Select Import from another program or file and then click Next.  5. Select Microsoft Excel and then click Next.  6. Click on Browse and go to your desktop where you saved the file earlier.  7. Double-click on the file that you downloaded earlier.  8. Under Options, select Replace duplicates with items imported.  9. Click Next.  10. Under Select Destination folder, select Calendar.  11. Click Next.  12. Click Finish.  13. That’s it! The 2008 Holiday Schedule will now appear on your calendar.    ","import holiday calendar import holiday calendar import holiday calendar import holiday calendar import holiday calendar import holiday calendar import holiday calendar import holiday calendar import holiday calendar import holiday calendar 2:11 pm monday, december 10, 2012 import holiday calendar 1. click save file desktop: \\gmaccmpa1\applic\holiday import \holidays.2008- unite states.xls 2. open microsoft outlook. 3. menu bar, click file, import export... 4. select import another program file click next. 5. select microsoft excel click next. 6. click browse go desktop save file earlier. 7. double-click file download earlier. 8. options, select replace duplicate items imported. 9. click next. 10. select destination folder, select calendar. 11. click next. 12. click finish. 13. that’s it! 2008 holiday schedule appear calendar.","Import Holiday Calendar Import Holiday Calendar   2:11 PM Monday, December 10, 2012 How to Import Your Holiday Calendar 1. Click and save this file to your desktop: \\gmaccmpa1\applic\Holiday Import \Holidays.2008- United States.xls 2. Open Microsoft Outlook.  3. On the menu bar, click on File, and then Import and Export... 4. Select Import from another program or file and then click Next.  5. Select Microsoft Excel and then click Next.  6. Click on Browse and go to your desktop where you saved the file earlier.  7. Double-click on the file that you downloaded earlier.  8. Under Options, select Replace duplicates with items imported.  9. Click Next.  10. Under Select Destination folder, select Calendar.  11. Click Next.  12. Click Finish.  13. That’s it! The 2008 Holiday Schedule will now appear on your calendar.    ","import holiday calendar import holiday calendar 2:11 pm monday, december 10, 2012 import holiday calendar 1. click save file desktop: \\gmaccmpa1\applic\holiday import \holidays.2008- unite states.xls 2. open microsoft outlook. 3. menu bar, click file, import export... 4. select import another program file click next. 5. select microsoft excel click next. 6. click browse go desktop save file earlier. 7. double-click file download earlier. 8. options, select replace duplicate items imported. 9. click next. 10. select destination folder, select calendar. 11. click next. 12. click finish. 13. that’s it! 2008 holiday schedule appear calendar."
191,Incident Monitor Client Tweaks," Monday, December 23, 2013 2:17 PM Incident Monitor Client Preferences Tweaks Go to File > Preferences, Select the Request Details Tab: Set the Default Request Source from the Drop-down; CHANGE the Format setting to ‘Classic’.  (This format mirrors the “look” of former versions) Enable and set the Page Refresh Rate; otherwise, you’ll have to manually refresh the screen. Toolbar and Button Console: For Team Request Queue, Click on Management > Console > Team Requests:      For a New Request, Click on File > New: Each Toolbar on the Button Console has a Drop-down which allows for extensive  customization:      Removing unwanted items from these toolbars makes for easier navigation.      ","[72, 0, 72, 779]","[7, 9]","Incident Monitor Client Tweaks Incident Monitor Client Tweaks Incident Monitor Client Tweaks Incident Monitor Client Tweaks Incident Monitor Client Tweaks Incident Monitor Client Tweaks Incident Monitor Client Tweaks Incident Monitor Client Tweaks Incident Monitor Client Tweaks Incident Monitor Client Tweaks   Monday, December 23, 2013 2:17 PM Incident Monitor Client Preferences Tweaks Go to File > Preferences, Select the Request Details Tab: Set the Default Request Source from the Drop-down; CHANGE the Format setting to ‘Classic’.  (This format mirrors the “look” of former versions) Enable and set the Page Refresh Rate; otherwise, you’ll have to manually refresh the screen. Toolbar and Button Console: For Team Request Queue, Click on Management > Console > Team Requests:      For a New Request, Click on File > New: Each Toolbar on the Button Console has a Drop-down which allows for extensive  customization:      Removing unwanted items from these toolbars makes for easier navigation.      ","incident monitor client tweak incident monitor client tweak incident monitor client tweak incident monitor client tweak incident monitor client tweak incident monitor client tweak incident monitor client tweak incident monitor client tweak incident monitor client tweak incident monitor client tweak monday, december 23, 2013 2:17 pm incident monitor client preferences tweak go file > preferences, select request detail tab: set default request source drop-down; change format set ‘classic’. (this format mirror “look” former versions) enable set page refresh rate; otherwise, you’ll manually refresh screen. toolbar button console: team request queue, click management > console > team requests: new request, click file > new: toolbar button console drop-down allow extensive customization: remove unwanted items toolbars make easier navigation.","Incident Monitor Client Tweaks Incident Monitor Client Tweaks   Monday, December 23, 2013 2:17 PM Incident Monitor Client Preferences Tweaks Go to File > Preferences, Select the Request Details Tab: Set the Default Request Source from the Drop-down; CHANGE the Format setting to ‘Classic’.  (This format mirrors the “look” of former versions) Enable and set the Page Refresh Rate; otherwise, you’ll have to manually refresh the screen. Toolbar and Button Console: For Team Request Queue, Click on Management > Console > Team Requests:      For a New Request, Click on File > New: Each Toolbar on the Button Console has a Drop-down which allows for extensive  customization:      Removing unwanted items from these toolbars makes for easier navigation.      ","incident monitor client tweak incident monitor client tweak monday, december 23, 2013 2:17 pm incident monitor client preferences tweak go file > preferences, select request detail tab: set default request source drop-down; change format set ‘classic’. (this format mirror “look” former versions) enable set page refresh rate; otherwise, you’ll manually refresh screen. toolbar button console: team request queue, click management > console > team requests: new request, click file > new: toolbar button console drop-down allow extensive customization: remove unwanted items toolbars make easier navigation."
192,Incident Monitor General Info," Friday, February 16, 2018 10:00 AM Incident Monitor is our current ticketing system for all IT related tasks. You may log in IM through either the desktop client or the web client. We are now on client version 9.6.85.    ","[72, 0, 175, 775]",[3],"Incident Monitor General Info Incident Monitor General Info Incident Monitor General Info Incident Monitor General Info Incident Monitor General Info Incident Monitor General Info Incident Monitor General Info Incident Monitor General Info Incident Monitor General Info Incident Monitor General Info   Friday, February 16, 2018 10:00 AM Incident Monitor is our current ticketing system for all IT related tasks. You may log in IM through either the desktop client or the web client. We are now on client version 9.6.85.    ","incident monitor general info incident monitor general info incident monitor general info incident monitor general info incident monitor general info incident monitor general info incident monitor general info incident monitor general info incident monitor general info incident monitor general info friday, february 16, 2018 10:00 incident monitor current ticket system relate tasks. may log im either desktop client web client. client version 9.6.85.","Incident Monitor General Info Incident Monitor General Info   Friday, February 16, 2018 10:00 AM Incident Monitor is our current ticketing system for all IT related tasks. You may log in IM through either the desktop client or the web client. We are now on client version 9.6.85.    ","incident monitor general info incident monitor general info friday, february 16, 2018 10:00 incident monitor current ticket system relate tasks. may log im either desktop client web client. client version 9.6.85."
193,Incident Monitor Install for Win10," Tuesday, January 16, 2018 9:35 AM *Tested working for help desk usage. To be revised* Open Regedit Browse to Computer\HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\EMET Right click and delete the entire EMET registry folder Copy latest Incident Monitor 64 bit installer to local storage and run Use your name and Berkadia Commercial Mortgage LLC as the company Server address is: pa508incmon1.gmaccm.com    ","[72, 0, 178, 775]",[5],"Incident Monitor Install for Win10 Incident Monitor Install for Win10 Incident Monitor Install for Win10 Incident Monitor Install for Win10 Incident Monitor Install for Win10 Incident Monitor Install for Win10 Incident Monitor Install for Win10 Incident Monitor Install for Win10 Incident Monitor Install for Win10 Incident Monitor Install for Win10   Tuesday, January 16, 2018 9:35 AM *Tested working for help desk usage. To be revised* Open Regedit Browse to Computer\HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\EMET Right click and delete the entire EMET registry folder Copy latest Incident Monitor 64 bit installer to local storage and run Use your name and Berkadia Commercial Mortgage LLC as the company Server address is: pa508incmon1.gmaccm.com    ","incident monitor install win10 incident monitor install win10 incident monitor install win10 incident monitor install win10 incident monitor install win10 incident monitor install win10 incident monitor install win10 incident monitor install win10 incident monitor install win10 incident monitor install win10 tuesday, january 16, 2018 9:35 *tested work help desk usage. revised* open regedit browse computer\hkey_local_machine\software\policies\microsoft\emet right click delete entire emet registry folder copy latest incident monitor 64 bite installer local storage run use name berkadia commercial mortgage llc company server address is: pa508incmon1.gmaccm.com","Incident Monitor Install for Win10 Incident Monitor Install for Win10   Tuesday, January 16, 2018 9:35 AM *Tested working for help desk usage. To be revised* Open Regedit Browse to Computer\HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\EMET Right click and delete the entire EMET registry folder Copy latest Incident Monitor 64 bit installer to local storage and run Use your name and Berkadia Commercial Mortgage LLC as the company Server address is: pa508incmon1.gmaccm.com    ","incident monitor install win10 incident monitor install win10 tuesday, january 16, 2018 9:35 *tested work help desk usage. revised* open regedit browse computer\hkey_local_machine\software\policies\microsoft\emet right click delete entire emet registry folder copy latest incident monitor 64 bite installer local storage run use name berkadia commercial mortgage llc company server address is: pa508incmon1.gmaccm.com"
194,Incident Monitor Install for Win7," Tuesday, January 16, 2018 9:35 AM Incident monitor for Win7 can be pushed from SCCM If SCCM isn't pushing, copy latest Incident Monitor 64 bit installer to local storage and run Use your name and Berkadia Commercial Mortgage LLC as the company Server address is: pa508incmon1.gmaccm.com    ","[72, 0, 178, 775]",[4],"Incident Monitor Install for Win7 Incident Monitor Install for Win7 Incident Monitor Install for Win7 Incident Monitor Install for Win7 Incident Monitor Install for Win7 Incident Monitor Install for Win7 Incident Monitor Install for Win7 Incident Monitor Install for Win7 Incident Monitor Install for Win7 Incident Monitor Install for Win7   Tuesday, January 16, 2018 9:35 AM Incident monitor for Win7 can be pushed from SCCM If SCCM isn't pushing, copy latest Incident Monitor 64 bit installer to local storage and run Use your name and Berkadia Commercial Mortgage LLC as the company Server address is: pa508incmon1.gmaccm.com    ","incident monitor install win7 incident monitor install win7 incident monitor install win7 incident monitor install win7 incident monitor install win7 incident monitor install win7 incident monitor install win7 incident monitor install win7 incident monitor install win7 incident monitor install win7 tuesday, january 16, 2018 9:35 incident monitor win7 push sccm sccm pushing, copy latest incident monitor 64 bite installer local storage run use name berkadia commercial mortgage llc company server address is: pa508incmon1.gmaccm.com","Incident Monitor Install for Win7 Incident Monitor Install for Win7   Tuesday, January 16, 2018 9:35 AM Incident monitor for Win7 can be pushed from SCCM If SCCM isn't pushing, copy latest Incident Monitor 64 bit installer to local storage and run Use your name and Berkadia Commercial Mortgage LLC as the company Server address is: pa508incmon1.gmaccm.com    ","incident monitor install win7 incident monitor install win7 tuesday, january 16, 2018 9:35 incident monitor win7 push sccm sccm pushing, copy latest incident monitor 64 bite installer local storage run use name berkadia commercial mortgage llc company server address is: pa508incmon1.gmaccm.com"
195,Incident Monitor Layout Setup," Tuesday, August 15, 2017 1:04 PM Preinstalled for Help Desk team member Current ver. 9.6.85 Request Setup: Double click Berkadia Helpdesk: Example layout    ","[54, 4, 132, 783]",[6],"Incident Monitor Layout Setup Incident Monitor Layout Setup Incident Monitor Layout Setup Incident Monitor Layout Setup Incident Monitor Layout Setup Incident Monitor Layout Setup Incident Monitor Layout Setup Incident Monitor Layout Setup Incident Monitor Layout Setup Incident Monitor Layout Setup   Tuesday, August 15, 2017 1:04 PM Preinstalled for Help Desk team member Current ver. 9.6.85 Request Setup: Double click Berkadia Helpdesk: Example layout    ","incident monitor layout setup incident monitor layout setup incident monitor layout setup incident monitor layout setup incident monitor layout setup incident monitor layout setup incident monitor layout setup incident monitor layout setup incident monitor layout setup incident monitor layout setup tuesday, august 15, 2017 1:04 pm preinstalled help desk team member current ver. 9.6.85 request setup: double click berkadia helpdesk: example layout","Incident Monitor Layout Setup Incident Monitor Layout Setup   Tuesday, August 15, 2017 1:04 PM Preinstalled for Help Desk team member Current ver. 9.6.85 Request Setup: Double click Berkadia Helpdesk: Example layout    ","incident monitor layout setup incident monitor layout setup tuesday, august 15, 2017 1:04 pm preinstalled help desk team member current ver. 9.6.85 request setup: double click berkadia helpdesk: example layout"
196,Incident Monitor Web 9.6.8 Client," Monday, April 04, 2016 11:07 PM Incident Monitor 9.6.8 Web Interface URL: https://pa508incmon1.gmaccm.com/IM Enter %username%@berkadia.com, current password, and select berkadia.com. from domain drop-down field: Once logged in, you may not see ‘Team Requests’ in the left Navigation Pane. Go to ‘My Preferences’ link in  the upper right corner of the page: Open ‘My Preferences’ window to Full Screen. In ‘My Incident Monitor Options section, highlight ‘Team  Requests’ in the Available Options section and click ‘Add’ button.  Once your changes are complete, click ‘Save  Request’: Incident Monitor 9.6.8 Web Interface (cont’d) Launch ‘Team Requests’; expand the Team for which you are a member and click on the Resource “+” sign to       Launch ‘Team Requests’; expand the Team for which you are a member and click on the Resource “+” sign to  expand the Resource list. Highlight a Resource to view its assigned Requests.  Pick one of the listed Requests,   single-click on one of the Request Numbers, and click ‘Select Columns for Display’ – since there are just too  many columns in the default view.  Highlight an Option on the right and click the de-select button circled  below.  Continue until your ‘Selected Columns’ pane looks similar to the one below.  Then, highlight each item  on the right side and use the up and down arrows to set the Selected Columns view order and Save. To set Category, Sub-Category, and Module before assigning the Request: Single-click a Request# OR right-click on the Request row, select Properties and click on Request Details button Double-click anywhere on the Request row (except Request# and Contact columns), and click on  Request Details button Change categorization as needed and click on the Tasks Tab, click on the Assign button.  Select Activity  Level, highlight the Resource and type a description. Click ‘Save Request’. Incident Monitor 9.6.8 Web Interface (cont’d)      To add a Task, use the same steps for categorizing the Request: To set Category, Sub-Category, and Module before assigning the Request: single-click a Request# OR right-click on the Request row,, select Properties and click on Request Details  button Double-click anywhere on the Request row (except Request# and Contact columns), and click on  Request Details button Change categorization as needed and click on the Tasks Tab, click on the Assign button.  Select Activity  Level, highlight the Resource and type a description. Click ‘Save Request’. Incident Monitor 9.6.8 Web Interface (cont’d) Double-click on desired Task:      Then, type in the Description Field and save the Request. End    ","[72, 0, 72, 779]","[13, 16]","Incident Monitor Web 9.6.8 Client Incident Monitor Web 9.6.8 Client Incident Monitor Web 9.6.8 Client Incident Monitor Web 9.6.8 Client Incident Monitor Web 9.6.8 Client Incident Monitor Web 9.6.8 Client Incident Monitor Web 9.6.8 Client Incident Monitor Web 9.6.8 Client Incident Monitor Web 9.6.8 Client Incident Monitor Web 9.6.8 Client   Monday, April 04, 2016 11:07 PM Incident Monitor 9.6.8 Web Interface URL: https://pa508incmon1.gmaccm.com/IM Enter %username%@berkadia.com, current password, and select berkadia.com. from domain drop-down field: Once logged in, you may not see ‘Team Requests’ in the left Navigation Pane. Go to ‘My Preferences’ link in  the upper right corner of the page: Open ‘My Preferences’ window to Full Screen. In ‘My Incident Monitor Options section, highlight ‘Team  Requests’ in the Available Options section and click ‘Add’ button.  Once your changes are complete, click ‘Save  Request’: Incident Monitor 9.6.8 Web Interface (cont’d) Launch ‘Team Requests’; expand the Team for which you are a member and click on the Resource “+” sign to       Launch ‘Team Requests’; expand the Team for which you are a member and click on the Resource “+” sign to  expand the Resource list. Highlight a Resource to view its assigned Requests.  Pick one of the listed Requests,   single-click on one of the Request Numbers, and click ‘Select Columns for Display’ – since there are just too  many columns in the default view.  Highlight an Option on the right and click the de-select button circled  below.  Continue until your ‘Selected Columns’ pane looks similar to the one below.  Then, highlight each item  on the right side and use the up and down arrows to set the Selected Columns view order and Save. To set Category, Sub-Category, and Module before assigning the Request: Single-click a Request# OR right-click on the Request row, select Properties and click on Request Details button Double-click anywhere on the Request row (except Request# and Contact columns), and click on  Request Details button Change categorization as needed and click on the Tasks Tab, click on the Assign button.  Select Activity  Level, highlight the Resource and type a description. Click ‘Save Request’. Incident Monitor 9.6.8 Web Interface (cont’d)      To add a Task, use the same steps for categorizing the Request: To set Category, Sub-Category, and Module before assigning the Request: single-click a Request# OR right-click on the Request row,, select Properties and click on Request Details  button Double-click anywhere on the Request row (except Request# and Contact columns), and click on  Request Details button Change categorization as needed and click on the Tasks Tab, click on the Assign button.  Select Activity  Level, highlight the Resource and type a description. Click ‘Save Request’. Incident Monitor 9.6.8 Web Interface (cont’d) Double-click on desired Task:      Then, type in the Description Field and save the Request. End    ","incident monitor web 9.6.8 client incident monitor web 9.6.8 client incident monitor web 9.6.8 client incident monitor web 9.6.8 client incident monitor web 9.6.8 client incident monitor web 9.6.8 client incident monitor web 9.6.8 client incident monitor web 9.6.8 client incident monitor web 9.6.8 client incident monitor web 9.6.8 client monday, april 04, 2016 11:07 pm incident monitor 9.6.8 web interface url: https://pa508incmon1.gmaccm.com/im enter %username%@berkadia.com, current password, select berkadia.com. domain drop-down field: log in, may see ‘team requests’ leave navigation pane. go ‘my preferences’ link upper right corner page: open ‘my preferences’ window full screen. ‘my incident monitor options section, highlight ‘team requests’ available options section click ‘add’ button. change complete, click ‘save request’: incident monitor 9.6.8 web interface (cont’d) launch ‘team requests’; expand team member click resource “+” sign launch ‘team requests’; expand team member click resource “+” sign expand resource list. highlight resource view assign requests. pick one list requests, single-click one request numbers, click ‘select columns display’ – since many columns default view. highlight option right click de-select button circle below. continue ‘selected columns’ pane look similar one below. then, highlight item right side use arrows set select columns view order save. set category, sub-category, module assign request: single-click request# right-click request row, select properties click request detail button double-click anywhere request row (except request# contact columns), click request detail button change categorization need click task tab, click assign button. select activity level, highlight resource type description. click ‘save request’. incident monitor 9.6.8 web interface (cont’d) add task, use step categorize request: set category, sub-category, module assign request: single-click request# right-click request row,, select properties click request detail button double-click anywhere request row (except request# contact columns), click request detail button change categorization need click task tab, click assign button. select activity level, highlight resource type description. click ‘save request’. incident monitor 9.6.8 web interface (cont’d) double-click desire task: then, type description field save request. end","Incident Monitor Web 9.6.8 Client Incident Monitor Web 9.6.8 Client   Monday, April 04, 2016 11:07 PM Incident Monitor 9.6.8 Web Interface URL: https://pa508incmon1.gmaccm.com/IM Enter %username%@berkadia.com, current password, and select berkadia.com. from domain drop-down field: Once logged in, you may not see ‘Team Requests’ in the left Navigation Pane. Go to ‘My Preferences’ link in  the upper right corner of the page: Open ‘My Preferences’ window to Full Screen. In ‘My Incident Monitor Options section, highlight ‘Team  Requests’ in the Available Options section and click ‘Add’ button.  Once your changes are complete, click ‘Save  Request’: Incident Monitor 9.6.8 Web Interface (cont’d) Launch ‘Team Requests’; expand the Team for which you are a member and click on the Resource “+” sign to       Launch ‘Team Requests’; expand the Team for which you are a member and click on the Resource “+” sign to  expand the Resource list. Highlight a Resource to view its assigned Requests.  Pick one of the listed Requests,   single-click on one of the Request Numbers, and click ‘Select Columns for Display’ – since there are just too  many columns in the default view.  Highlight an Option on the right and click the de-select button circled  below.  Continue until your ‘Selected Columns’ pane looks similar to the one below.  Then, highlight each item  on the right side and use the up and down arrows to set the Selected Columns view order and Save. To set Category, Sub-Category, and Module before assigning the Request: Single-click a Request# OR right-click on the Request row, select Properties and click on Request Details button Double-click anywhere on the Request row (except Request# and Contact columns), and click on  Request Details button Change categorization as needed and click on the Tasks Tab, click on the Assign button.  Select Activity  Level, highlight the Resource and type a description. Click ‘Save Request’. Incident Monitor 9.6.8 Web Interface (cont’d)      To add a Task, use the same steps for categorizing the Request: To set Category, Sub-Category, and Module before assigning the Request: single-click a Request# OR right-click on the Request row,, select Properties and click on Request Details  button Double-click anywhere on the Request row (except Request# and Contact columns), and click on  Request Details button Change categorization as needed and click on the Tasks Tab, click on the Assign button.  Select Activity  Level, highlight the Resource and type a description. Click ‘Save Request’. Incident Monitor 9.6.8 Web Interface (cont’d) Double-click on desired Task:      Then, type in the Description Field and save the Request. End    ","incident monitor web 9.6.8 client incident monitor web 9.6.8 client monday, april 04, 2016 11:07 pm incident monitor 9.6.8 web interface url: https://pa508incmon1.gmaccm.com/im enter %username%@berkadia.com, current password, select berkadia.com. domain drop-down field: log in, may see ‘team requests’ leave navigation pane. go ‘my preferences’ link upper right corner page: open ‘my preferences’ window full screen. ‘my incident monitor options section, highlight ‘team requests’ available options section click ‘add’ button. change complete, click ‘save request’: incident monitor 9.6.8 web interface (cont’d) launch ‘team requests’; expand team member click resource “+” sign launch ‘team requests’; expand team member click resource “+” sign expand resource list. highlight resource view assign requests. pick one list requests, single-click one request numbers, click ‘select columns display’ – since many columns default view. highlight option right click de-select button circle below. continue ‘selected columns’ pane look similar one below. then, highlight item right side use arrows set select columns view order save. set category, sub-category, module assign request: single-click request# right-click request row, select properties click request detail button double-click anywhere request row (except request# contact columns), click request detail button change categorization need click task tab, click assign button. select activity level, highlight resource type description. click ‘save request’. incident monitor 9.6.8 web interface (cont’d) add task, use step categorize request: set category, sub-category, module assign request: single-click request# right-click request row,, select properties click request detail button double-click anywhere request row (except request# contact columns), click request detail button change categorization need click task tab, click assign button. select activity level, highlight resource type description. click ‘save request’. incident monitor 9.6.8 web interface (cont’d) double-click desire task: then, type description field save request. end"
197,India  - Hyderabad," Monday, September 18, 2017 2:45 PM Name :                 Faraaz Ahmed Position :             System Engineer Work Email :       Faraaz.ahmed@berkadia.com Desk No:              79963761 Contact No :       +91 -880-123-3079 Location :             Hyderabad, India. Name :                 Livingstone Annampag Position :             Senior Systems Engineer Work Email :       livingstone.annampag@berkadia.com Desk No:              79963756 Contact No :       +91 –970- 179-7460 Location :             Hyderabad, India. Name :                 Aseerullah Mohammed (Aseer)  Position :             Senior Systems Engineer Work Email :       Aseerullah.Mohammed@berkadia.com Desk No:              79963753 Contact No :       +91-996-209-0315 Location :             Hyderabad, India. Name            :         Sudheer Boyilla Position        :         Senior Systems Engineer Work Email  :         sudheer.boyilla@berkadia.com Desk No       :         79963752 Contact No :         +91-984-079-9097 Location      :          Hyderabad, India. Name :                 Rajesh Muluka Position :             System Engineer Work Email :       Rajesh.Muluka@berkadia.com Desk No:              79963946 Contact No :       +91 -9581133033 Location :             Hyderabad, India.      Name :                 Sugunakar Bodduna Position :             System Engineer Work Email :       sugunakar.bodduna@berkadia.com Desk No:              79963924 Contact No :       +91 -9550580851 Location :             Hyderabad, India. Name :                 Rakesh Reddy Position :             System Engineer Work Email :       rakesh.reddy@berkadia.com Desk No:              79963758 Contact No :      +91 - 9700439038 Location :             Hyderabad, India. Name :                 Pawan David Position :             Senior Manager Work Email :       pawan.david@berkadia.com Desk No:              +1-215-328-3750 Contact No :       +91 -995-948-2111 Location :             Hyderabad, India.    ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[75, 76]","India  - Hyderabad India  - Hyderabad India  - Hyderabad India  - Hyderabad India  - Hyderabad India  - Hyderabad India  - Hyderabad India  - Hyderabad India  - Hyderabad India  - Hyderabad   Monday, September 18, 2017 2:45 PM Name :                 Faraaz Ahmed Position :             System Engineer Work Email :       Faraaz.ahmed@berkadia.com Desk No:              79963761 Contact No :       +91 -880-123-3079 Location :             Hyderabad, India. Name :                 Livingstone Annampag Position :             Senior Systems Engineer Work Email :       livingstone.annampag@berkadia.com Desk No:              79963756 Contact No :       +91 –970- 179-7460 Location :             Hyderabad, India. Name :                 Aseerullah Mohammed (Aseer)  Position :             Senior Systems Engineer Work Email :       Aseerullah.Mohammed@berkadia.com Desk No:              79963753 Contact No :       +91-996-209-0315 Location :             Hyderabad, India. Name            :         Sudheer Boyilla Position        :         Senior Systems Engineer Work Email  :         sudheer.boyilla@berkadia.com Desk No       :         79963752 Contact No :         +91-984-079-9097 Location      :          Hyderabad, India. Name :                 Rajesh Muluka Position :             System Engineer Work Email :       Rajesh.Muluka@berkadia.com Desk No:              79963946 Contact No :       +91 -9581133033 Location :             Hyderabad, India.      Name :                 Sugunakar Bodduna Position :             System Engineer Work Email :       sugunakar.bodduna@berkadia.com Desk No:              79963924 Contact No :       +91 -9550580851 Location :             Hyderabad, India. Name :                 Rakesh Reddy Position :             System Engineer Work Email :       rakesh.reddy@berkadia.com Desk No:              79963758 Contact No :      +91 - 9700439038 Location :             Hyderabad, India. Name :                 Pawan David Position :             Senior Manager Work Email :       pawan.david@berkadia.com Desk No:              +1-215-328-3750 Contact No :       +91 -995-948-2111 Location :             Hyderabad, India.    ","india - hyderabad india - hyderabad india - hyderabad india - hyderabad india - hyderabad india - hyderabad india - hyderabad india - hyderabad india - hyderabad india - hyderabad monday, september 18, 2017 2:45 pm name : faraaz ahmed position : system engineer work email : faraaz.ahmed@berkadia.com desk no: 79963761 contact : +91 -880-123-3079 location : hyderabad, india. name : livingstone annampag position : senior systems engineer work email : livingstone.annampag@berkadia.com desk no: 79963756 contact : +91 –970- 179-7460 location : hyderabad, india. name : aseerullah mohammed (aseer) position : senior systems engineer work email : aseerullah.mohammed@berkadia.com desk no: 79963753 contact : +91-996-209-0315 location : hyderabad, india. name : sudheer boyilla position : senior systems engineer work email : sudheer.boyilla@berkadia.com desk : 79963752 contact : +91-984-079-9097 location : hyderabad, india. name : rajesh muluka position : system engineer work email : rajesh.muluka@berkadia.com desk no: 79963946 contact : +91 -9581133033 location : hyderabad, india. name : sugunakar bodduna position : system engineer work email : sugunakar.bodduna@berkadia.com desk no: 79963924 contact : +91 -9550580851 location : hyderabad, india. name : rakesh reddy position : system engineer work email : rakesh.reddy@berkadia.com desk no: 79963758 contact : +91 - 9700439038 location : hyderabad, india. name : pawan david position : senior manager work email : pawan.david@berkadia.com desk no: +1-215-328-3750 contact : +91 -995-948-2111 location : hyderabad, india.","India  - Hyderabad India  - Hyderabad   Monday, September 18, 2017 2:45 PM Name :                 Faraaz Ahmed Position :             System Engineer Work Email :       Faraaz.ahmed@berkadia.com Desk No:              79963761 Contact No :       +91 -880-123-3079 Location :             Hyderabad, India. Name :                 Livingstone Annampag Position :             Senior Systems Engineer Work Email :       livingstone.annampag@berkadia.com Desk No:              79963756 Contact No :       +91 –970- 179-7460 Location :             Hyderabad, India. Name :                 Aseerullah Mohammed (Aseer)  Position :             Senior Systems Engineer Work Email :       Aseerullah.Mohammed@berkadia.com Desk No:              79963753 Contact No :       +91-996-209-0315 Location :             Hyderabad, India. Name            :         Sudheer Boyilla Position        :         Senior Systems Engineer Work Email  :         sudheer.boyilla@berkadia.com Desk No       :         79963752 Contact No :         +91-984-079-9097 Location      :          Hyderabad, India. Name :                 Rajesh Muluka Position :             System Engineer Work Email :       Rajesh.Muluka@berkadia.com Desk No:              79963946 Contact No :       +91 -9581133033 Location :             Hyderabad, India.      Name :                 Sugunakar Bodduna Position :             System Engineer Work Email :       sugunakar.bodduna@berkadia.com Desk No:              79963924 Contact No :       +91 -9550580851 Location :             Hyderabad, India. Name :                 Rakesh Reddy Position :             System Engineer Work Email :       rakesh.reddy@berkadia.com Desk No:              79963758 Contact No :      +91 - 9700439038 Location :             Hyderabad, India. Name :                 Pawan David Position :             Senior Manager Work Email :       pawan.david@berkadia.com Desk No:              +1-215-328-3750 Contact No :       +91 -995-948-2111 Location :             Hyderabad, India.    ","india - hyderabad india - hyderabad monday, september 18, 2017 2:45 pm name : faraaz ahmed position : system engineer work email : faraaz.ahmed@berkadia.com desk no: 79963761 contact : +91 -880-123-3079 location : hyderabad, india. name : livingstone annampag position : senior systems engineer work email : livingstone.annampag@berkadia.com desk no: 79963756 contact : +91 –970- 179-7460 location : hyderabad, india. name : aseerullah mohammed (aseer) position : senior systems engineer work email : aseerullah.mohammed@berkadia.com desk no: 79963753 contact : +91-996-209-0315 location : hyderabad, india. name : sudheer boyilla position : senior systems engineer work email : sudheer.boyilla@berkadia.com desk : 79963752 contact : +91-984-079-9097 location : hyderabad, india. name : rajesh muluka position : system engineer work email : rajesh.muluka@berkadia.com desk no: 79963946 contact : +91 -9581133033 location : hyderabad, india. name : sugunakar bodduna position : system engineer work email : sugunakar.bodduna@berkadia.com desk no: 79963924 contact : +91 -9550580851 location : hyderabad, india. name : rakesh reddy position : system engineer work email : rakesh.reddy@berkadia.com desk no: 79963758 contact : +91 - 9700439038 location : hyderabad, india. name : pawan david position : senior manager work email : pawan.david@berkadia.com desk no: +1-215-328-3750 contact : +91 -995-948-2111 location : hyderabad, india."
198,Information ," Friday, November 21, 2014 8:56 AM Technology ","[72, 694, 158, 708]",[794],"Information  Information  Information  Information  Information  Information  Information  Information  Information  Information    Friday, November 21, 2014 8:56 AM Technology ","information information information information information information information information information information friday, november 21, 2014 8:56 technology","Information  Information    Friday, November 21, 2014 8:56 AM Technology ","information information friday, november 21, 2014 8:56 technology"
199,Install CoStar in Internet Explorer 11," Friday, July 28, 2017 12:29 PM 1. 2. 3. Go to http://costar.com Instruct user to login with CoStar issued user ID and password After the ""validating user and logging in"" page, you should see this site here:  4. Before installing certificate, go into IE ""Tools"", click on ""Options"" and then click on the ""Security"" tab at the  top. Click on ""Trusted Sites"" and then click on the ""Sites"" option.      5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 11. Click Add next to https://gateway.costar.com (should already be in the address bar). Also manually add  https://*.costar.com to Trusted sites. Click on Close to exit that window then click on OK to exit the Internet  Options menu.  Click on ""Install CoStar  Group CA Certificate"". Follow the directions provided on the screen to install & import  the certificate (Open the certificate, place inside Trusted Root cert folder, etc.)  Once Import is successful, click on ""Generate and Install Certificate"". If it prompts that the website is trying to  run a certificate on your behalf, click ""Allow"" and it will finalize installation and prompt you to close and  relaunch IE to finalize setup. Close Internet Explorer. Skip to step 10 to finish CoStar login process. If it says  ""Installation is still in progress"" error - proceed to next step. Refresh the page, you should receive a white pop-up prompt ""This website is trying to run a certificate on your  behalf"". Click Allow/Yes. It will then want you to install the CoStar certificate again. Click on Install CoStar  Group CA Certificate but cancel out of the certificate download since this step has been completed already.  Click on ""Generate and Install Certificate"" and it will finalize the certificate install and prompt you to close and  relaunch IE to finalize setup.  THIS IS IMPORTANT: REMOVE the sites from Trusted Sites you added in step 5. If you don't, the page will get  stuck in a login loop and you won't be able to access the main screen after they setup their new password,  secret questions, etc the 2nd time they login. Go to Costar.com and have the user login. It will bring up a pop up asking for which certificate to use for  CoStar. Click on the certificate in the pop up window and click OK. It will now log the user into CoStar for them  to use the application.       to use the application.     ","[69, 0, 69, 777]","[465, 467]","Install CoStar in Internet Explorer 11 Install CoStar in Internet Explorer 11 Install CoStar in Internet Explorer 11 Install CoStar in Internet Explorer 11 Install CoStar in Internet Explorer 11 Install CoStar in Internet Explorer 11 Install CoStar in Internet Explorer 11 Install CoStar in Internet Explorer 11 Install CoStar in Internet Explorer 11 Install CoStar in Internet Explorer 11   Friday, July 28, 2017 12:29 PM 1. 2. 3. Go to http://costar.com Instruct user to login with CoStar issued user ID and password After the ""validating user and logging in"" page, you should see this site here:  4. Before installing certificate, go into IE ""Tools"", click on ""Options"" and then click on the ""Security"" tab at the  top. Click on ""Trusted Sites"" and then click on the ""Sites"" option.      5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 11. Click Add next to https://gateway.costar.com (should already be in the address bar). Also manually add  https://*.costar.com to Trusted sites. Click on Close to exit that window then click on OK to exit the Internet  Options menu.  Click on ""Install CoStar  Group CA Certificate"". Follow the directions provided on the screen to install & import  the certificate (Open the certificate, place inside Trusted Root cert folder, etc.)  Once Import is successful, click on ""Generate and Install Certificate"". If it prompts that the website is trying to  run a certificate on your behalf, click ""Allow"" and it will finalize installation and prompt you to close and  relaunch IE to finalize setup. Close Internet Explorer. Skip to step 10 to finish CoStar login process. If it says  ""Installation is still in progress"" error - proceed to next step. Refresh the page, you should receive a white pop-up prompt ""This website is trying to run a certificate on your  behalf"". Click Allow/Yes. It will then want you to install the CoStar certificate again. Click on Install CoStar  Group CA Certificate but cancel out of the certificate download since this step has been completed already.  Click on ""Generate and Install Certificate"" and it will finalize the certificate install and prompt you to close and  relaunch IE to finalize setup.  THIS IS IMPORTANT: REMOVE the sites from Trusted Sites you added in step 5. If you don't, the page will get  stuck in a login loop and you won't be able to access the main screen after they setup their new password,  secret questions, etc the 2nd time they login. Go to Costar.com and have the user login. It will bring up a pop up asking for which certificate to use for  CoStar. Click on the certificate in the pop up window and click OK. It will now log the user into CoStar for them  to use the application.       to use the application.     ","install costar internet explorer 11 install costar internet explorer 11 install costar internet explorer 11 install costar internet explorer 11 install costar internet explorer 11 install costar internet explorer 11 install costar internet explorer 11 install costar internet explorer 11 install costar internet explorer 11 install costar internet explorer 11 friday, july 28, 2017 12:29 pm 1. 2. 3. go http://costar.com instruct user login costar issue user id password ""validating user log in"" page, see site here: 4. instal certificate, go ie ""tools"", click ""options"" click ""security"" tab top. click ""trusted sites"" click ""sites"" option. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 11. click add next https://gateway.costar.com (should already address bar). also manually add https://*.costar.com trust sites. click close exit window click ok exit internet options menu. click ""install costar group ca certificate"". follow directions provide screen install & import certificate (open certificate, place inside trust root cert folder, etc.) import successful, click ""generate install certificate"". prompt website try run certificate behalf, click ""allow"" finalize installation prompt close relaunch ie finalize setup. close internet explorer. skip step 10 finish costar login process. say ""installation still progress"" error - proceed next step. refresh page, receive white pop-up prompt ""this website try run certificate behalf"". click allow/yes. want install costar certificate again. click install costar group ca certificate cancel certificate download since step complete already. click ""generate install certificate"" finalize certificate install prompt close relaunch ie finalize setup. important: remove sit trust sit add step 5. don't, page get stick login loop able access main screen setup new password, secret questions, etc 2nd time login. go costar.com user login. bring pop ask certificate use costar. click certificate pop window click ok. log user costar use application. use application.","Install CoStar in Internet Explorer 11 Install CoStar in Internet Explorer 11   Friday, July 28, 2017 12:29 PM 1. 2. 3. Go to http://costar.com Instruct user to login with CoStar issued user ID and password After the ""validating user and logging in"" page, you should see this site here:  4. Before installing certificate, go into IE ""Tools"", click on ""Options"" and then click on the ""Security"" tab at the  top. Click on ""Trusted Sites"" and then click on the ""Sites"" option.      5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 11. Click Add next to https://gateway.costar.com (should already be in the address bar). Also manually add  https://*.costar.com to Trusted sites. Click on Close to exit that window then click on OK to exit the Internet  Options menu.  Click on ""Install CoStar  Group CA Certificate"". Follow the directions provided on the screen to install & import  the certificate (Open the certificate, place inside Trusted Root cert folder, etc.)  Once Import is successful, click on ""Generate and Install Certificate"". If it prompts that the website is trying to  run a certificate on your behalf, click ""Allow"" and it will finalize installation and prompt you to close and  relaunch IE to finalize setup. Close Internet Explorer. Skip to step 10 to finish CoStar login process. If it says  ""Installation is still in progress"" error - proceed to next step. Refresh the page, you should receive a white pop-up prompt ""This website is trying to run a certificate on your  behalf"". Click Allow/Yes. It will then want you to install the CoStar certificate again. Click on Install CoStar  Group CA Certificate but cancel out of the certificate download since this step has been completed already.  Click on ""Generate and Install Certificate"" and it will finalize the certificate install and prompt you to close and  relaunch IE to finalize setup.  THIS IS IMPORTANT: REMOVE the sites from Trusted Sites you added in step 5. If you don't, the page will get  stuck in a login loop and you won't be able to access the main screen after they setup their new password,  secret questions, etc the 2nd time they login. Go to Costar.com and have the user login. It will bring up a pop up asking for which certificate to use for  CoStar. Click on the certificate in the pop up window and click OK. It will now log the user into CoStar for them  to use the application.       to use the application.     ","install costar internet explorer 11 install costar internet explorer 11 friday, july 28, 2017 12:29 pm 1. 2. 3. go http://costar.com instruct user login costar issue user id password ""validating user log in"" page, see site here: 4. instal certificate, go ie ""tools"", click ""options"" click ""security"" tab top. click ""trusted sites"" click ""sites"" option. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 11. click add next https://gateway.costar.com (should already address bar). also manually add https://*.costar.com trust sites. click close exit window click ok exit internet options menu. click ""install costar group ca certificate"". follow directions provide screen install & import certificate (open certificate, place inside trust root cert folder, etc.) import successful, click ""generate install certificate"". prompt website try run certificate behalf, click ""allow"" finalize installation prompt close relaunch ie finalize setup. close internet explorer. skip step 10 finish costar login process. say ""installation still progress"" error - proceed next step. refresh page, receive white pop-up prompt ""this website try run certificate behalf"". click allow/yes. want install costar certificate again. click install costar group ca certificate cancel certificate download since step complete already. click ""generate install certificate"" finalize certificate install prompt close relaunch ie finalize setup. important: remove sit trust sit add step 5. don't, page get stick login loop able access main screen setup new password, secret questions, etc 2nd time login. go costar.com user login. bring pop ask certificate use costar. click certificate pop window click ok. log user costar use application. use application."
200,Installation," Wednesday, March 14, 2018 8:48 AM https://berkadia.sharepoint.com/O365-Resources/Documents/Installing%20O365%20Office% 20Suite%20-%20Mac.pdf    ","[72, 0, 188, 775]",[294],"Installation Installation Installation Installation Installation Installation Installation Installation Installation Installation   Wednesday, March 14, 2018 8:48 AM https://berkadia.sharepoint.com/O365-Resources/Documents/Installing%20O365%20Office% 20Suite%20-%20Mac.pdf    ","installation installation installation installation installation installation installation installation installation installation wednesday, march 14, 2018 8:48 https://berkadia.sharepoint.com/o365-resources/documents/installing%20o365%20office% 20suite%20-%20mac.pdf","Installation Installation   Wednesday, March 14, 2018 8:48 AM https://berkadia.sharepoint.com/O365-Resources/Documents/Installing%20O365%20Office% 20Suite%20-%20Mac.pdf    ","installation installation wednesday, march 14, 2018 8:48 https://berkadia.sharepoint.com/o365-resources/documents/installing%20o365%20office% 20suite%20-%20mac.pdf"
201,Installing E-Sign Desktop 7.2.2 with activeX control," Monday, November 05, 2012 12:54 PM 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. Browse to the the local applic drive and to the Silanis_E-Sign_7_2_2\e-Sign Desktop 7.2.2 Beta  folder.  Run setup.exe and agree to the installation defaults.   Install the ActiveX add-in if required by the user: Copy the Silanis_E-Sign_7_2_2\e-SDT Active X Beta \ESDTActiveX folder from the local applic drive to the machine local C:\ Open command prompt and change directory to C:\ESDTActiveX or to where you copied the files.   Type the command: regsvr32 approveit.dll Add this folder to the Path system environment variable: Right click Computer, select properties.   Click Advanced System Settings. Click Environment Variables… Scroll under System variables and find the Path variable and double click it.   Insert a semicolon (;) at the end and add the path C:\ESDTActiveX or the path were the files are  located.   Click OK three times to apply your changes. Test all functionality.    ","[55, 0, 249, 779]",[389],"Installing E-Sign Desktop 7.2.2 with activeX control Installing E-Sign Desktop 7.2.2 with activeX control Installing E-Sign Desktop 7.2.2 with activeX control Installing E-Sign Desktop 7.2.2 with activeX control Installing E-Sign Desktop 7.2.2 with activeX control Installing E-Sign Desktop 7.2.2 with activeX control Installing E-Sign Desktop 7.2.2 with activeX control Installing E-Sign Desktop 7.2.2 with activeX control Installing E-Sign Desktop 7.2.2 with activeX control Installing E-Sign Desktop 7.2.2 with activeX control   Monday, November 05, 2012 12:54 PM 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. Browse to the the local applic drive and to the Silanis_E-Sign_7_2_2\e-Sign Desktop 7.2.2 Beta  folder.  Run setup.exe and agree to the installation defaults.   Install the ActiveX add-in if required by the user: Copy the Silanis_E-Sign_7_2_2\e-SDT Active X Beta \ESDTActiveX folder from the local applic drive to the machine local C:\ Open command prompt and change directory to C:\ESDTActiveX or to where you copied the files.   Type the command: regsvr32 approveit.dll Add this folder to the Path system environment variable: Right click Computer, select properties.   Click Advanced System Settings. Click Environment Variables… Scroll under System variables and find the Path variable and double click it.   Insert a semicolon (;) at the end and add the path C:\ESDTActiveX or the path were the files are  located.   Click OK three times to apply your changes. Test all functionality.    ","instal e-sign desktop 7.2.2 activex control instal e-sign desktop 7.2.2 activex control instal e-sign desktop 7.2.2 activex control instal e-sign desktop 7.2.2 activex control instal e-sign desktop 7.2.2 activex control instal e-sign desktop 7.2.2 activex control instal e-sign desktop 7.2.2 activex control instal e-sign desktop 7.2.2 activex control instal e-sign desktop 7.2.2 activex control instal e-sign desktop 7.2.2 activex control monday, november 05, 2012 12:54 pm 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. browse local applic drive silanis_e-sign_7_2_2\e-sign desktop 7.2.2 beta folder. run setup.exe agree installation defaults. install activex add-in require user: copy silanis_e-sign_7_2_2\e-sdt active x beta \esdtactivex folder local applic drive machine local c:\ open command prompt change directory c:\esdtactivex copy files. type command: regsvr32 approveit.dll add folder path system environment variable: right click computer, select properties. click advance system settings. click environment variables… scroll system variables find path variable double click it. insert semicolon (;) end add path c:\esdtactivex path file located. click ok three time apply changes. test functionality.","Installing E-Sign Desktop 7.2.2 with activeX control Installing E-Sign Desktop 7.2.2 with activeX control   Monday, November 05, 2012 12:54 PM 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. Browse to the the local applic drive and to the Silanis_E-Sign_7_2_2\e-Sign Desktop 7.2.2 Beta  folder.  Run setup.exe and agree to the installation defaults.   Install the ActiveX add-in if required by the user: Copy the Silanis_E-Sign_7_2_2\e-SDT Active X Beta \ESDTActiveX folder from the local applic drive to the machine local C:\ Open command prompt and change directory to C:\ESDTActiveX or to where you copied the files.   Type the command: regsvr32 approveit.dll Add this folder to the Path system environment variable: Right click Computer, select properties.   Click Advanced System Settings. Click Environment Variables… Scroll under System variables and find the Path variable and double click it.   Insert a semicolon (;) at the end and add the path C:\ESDTActiveX or the path were the files are  located.   Click OK three times to apply your changes. Test all functionality.    ","instal e-sign desktop 7.2.2 activex control instal e-sign desktop 7.2.2 activex control monday, november 05, 2012 12:54 pm 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. browse local applic drive silanis_e-sign_7_2_2\e-sign desktop 7.2.2 beta folder. run setup.exe agree installation defaults. install activex add-in require user: copy silanis_e-sign_7_2_2\e-sdt active x beta \esdtactivex folder local applic drive machine local c:\ open command prompt change directory c:\esdtactivex copy files. type command: regsvr32 approveit.dll add folder path system environment variable: right click computer, select properties. click advance system settings. click environment variables… scroll system variables find path variable double click it. insert semicolon (;) end add path c:\esdtactivex path file located. click ok three time apply changes. test functionality."
202,Internet Explorer," Thursday, January 7, 2016 9:23 AM Please use the attached to send to a user who is having trouble locating Internet Explorer in  Windows 10","[72, 707, 177, 775]",[673],"Internet Explorer Internet Explorer Internet Explorer Internet Explorer Internet Explorer Internet Explorer Internet Explorer Internet Explorer Internet Explorer Internet Explorer   Thursday, January 7, 2016 9:23 AM Please use the attached to send to a user who is having trouble locating Internet Explorer in  Windows 10","internet explorer internet explorer internet explorer internet explorer internet explorer internet explorer internet explorer internet explorer internet explorer internet explorer thursday, january 7, 2016 9:23 please use attach send user trouble locate internet explorer windows 10","Internet Explorer Internet Explorer   Thursday, January 7, 2016 9:23 AM Please use the attached to send to a user who is having trouble locating Internet Explorer in  Windows 10","internet explorer internet explorer thursday, january 7, 2016 9:23 please use attach send user trouble locate internet explorer windows 10"
203,Internet Explorer.," Uncheck the blue  circled box, “Use  Automatic  Configuration Script”. Then select the “Use a  proxy server for your  LAN…” box. In the “Address:” bar,  insert: Proxy.gmaccm.com Ensure the “Port” bar  shows: 80 Following this, click “OK” on all boxes and attempt to use the site again. This should resolve the issue  temporarily. ----------------------------------------------------------------------      Click Internet Options Click Settings      Click View Files Highlight all the files in the Right Pane, Click Delete Once Files are deleted Click OK      Click Delete      Click Delete Click Ok Close Down IE, Bring IE back up and log into the PeopleSoft QA Environment         ","[64, 1, 64, 10]","[459, 464]","Internet Explorer. Internet Explorer. Internet Explorer. Internet Explorer. Internet Explorer. Internet Explorer. Internet Explorer. Internet Explorer. Internet Explorer. Internet Explorer.   Uncheck the blue  circled box, “Use  Automatic  Configuration Script”. Then select the “Use a  proxy server for your  LAN…” box. In the “Address:” bar,  insert: Proxy.gmaccm.com Ensure the “Port” bar  shows: 80 Following this, click “OK” on all boxes and attempt to use the site again. This should resolve the issue  temporarily. ----------------------------------------------------------------------      Click Internet Options Click Settings      Click View Files Highlight all the files in the Right Pane, Click Delete Once Files are deleted Click OK      Click Delete      Click Delete Click Ok Close Down IE, Bring IE back up and log into the PeopleSoft QA Environment         ","internet explorer. internet explorer. internet explorer. internet explorer. internet explorer. internet explorer. internet explorer. internet explorer. internet explorer. internet explorer. uncheck blue circle box, “use automatic configuration script”. select “use proxy server lan…” box. “address:” bar, insert: proxy.gmaccm.com ensure “port” bar shows: 80 follow this, click “ok” box attempt use site again. resolve issue temporarily. ---------------------------------------------------------------------- click internet options click settings click view file highlight file right pane, click delete file delete click ok click delete click delete click ok close ie, bring ie back log peoplesoft qa environment","Internet Explorer. Internet Explorer.   Uncheck the blue  circled box, “Use  Automatic  Configuration Script”. Then select the “Use a  proxy server for your  LAN…” box. In the “Address:” bar,  insert: Proxy.gmaccm.com Ensure the “Port” bar  shows: 80 Following this, click “OK” on all boxes and attempt to use the site again. This should resolve the issue  temporarily. ----------------------------------------------------------------------      Click Internet Options Click Settings      Click View Files Highlight all the files in the Right Pane, Click Delete Once Files are deleted Click OK      Click Delete      Click Delete Click Ok Close Down IE, Bring IE back up and log into the PeopleSoft QA Environment         ","internet explorer. internet explorer. uncheck blue circle box, “use automatic configuration script”. select “use proxy server lan…” box. “address:” bar, insert: proxy.gmaccm.com ensure “port” bar shows: 80 follow this, click “ok” box attempt use site again. resolve issue temporarily. ---------------------------------------------------------------------- click internet options click settings click view file highlight file right pane, click delete file delete click ok click delete click delete click ok close ie, bring ie back log peoplesoft qa environment"
204,Internet Options – Content - Autocomplete," Monday, June 24, 2013 9:03 AM    ","[72, 0, 79, 9]",[450],"Internet Options – Content - Autocomplete Internet Options – Content - Autocomplete Internet Options – Content - Autocomplete Internet Options – Content - Autocomplete Internet Options – Content - Autocomplete Internet Options – Content - Autocomplete Internet Options – Content - Autocomplete Internet Options – Content - Autocomplete Internet Options – Content - Autocomplete Internet Options – Content - Autocomplete   Monday, June 24, 2013 9:03 AM    ","internet options – content - autocomplete internet options – content - autocomplete internet options – content - autocomplete internet options – content - autocomplete internet options – content - autocomplete internet options – content - autocomplete internet options – content - autocomplete internet options – content - autocomplete internet options – content - autocomplete internet options – content - autocomplete monday, june 24, 2013 9:03","Internet Options – Content - Autocomplete Internet Options – Content - Autocomplete   Monday, June 24, 2013 9:03 AM    ","internet options – content - autocomplete internet options – content - autocomplete monday, june 24, 2013 9:03"
205,Introduction to Shadow Copies of Shared Folders," Monday, June 24, 2013 9:01 AM Microsoft Corporation Published: March 2003 Abstract A component of the intelligent file storage technologies in Microsoft® Windows® Server 2003, Shadow Copies of  Shared Folders provides an end user-accessible means to recover from accidental document deletion or  inadvertent document revisions by accessing point-in-time copies of documents and folders. This white paper, written for IT architects and system administrators, describes the functionality of Shadow  Copies of Shared Folders the fundamentals of how to design a shadow copy strategy, and the basic steps for  setting up and using Shadow Copies of Shared Folders on both servers and clients.  This is a preliminary document and may be changed substantially prior to  final commercial release of the software described herein. The information contained in this document represents the current view of  Microsoft Corporation on the issues discussed as of the date of  publication. Because Microsoft must respond to changing market  conditions, it should not be interpreted to be a commitment on the part of  Microsoft, and Microsoft cannot guarantee the accuracy of any       Microsoft, and Microsoft cannot guarantee the accuracy of any  information presented after the date of publication. This document is for informational purposes only. MICROSOFT MAKES  NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE  INFORMATION IN THIS DOCUMENT. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of the  user. Without limiting the rights under copyright, no part of this document  may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or  transmitted in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical,  photocopying, recording, or otherwise), or for any purpose, without the  express written permission of Microsoft Corporation.  Microsoft may have patents, patent applications, trademarks, copyrights,  or other intellectual property rights covering subject matter in this  document. Except as expressly provided in any written license agreement  from Microsoft, the furnishing of this document does not give you any  license to these patents, trademarks, copyrights, or other intellectual  property. © 2003 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Microsoft, Windows, the Windows logo, Windows NT, and Windows  Server are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft  Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. Contents Introduction Client Usage Scenarios What Shadow Copies of Shared Folders Can Do IT Usage Scenarios Table 1: Benefits of Using Shadow Copies of Shared Folders Internal Use of Shadow Copy at Microsoft OTG Pilot Program Customer Satisfaction Configuration and Metrics for Servers Using Shadow Copies of Shared Folders Table 2: Microsoft OTG Restore Compared to File Restoration Using Shadow Copies Setup for Servers How Shadow Copy Works Designing a Shadow Copy Strategy Determining the Volume from Which to Take a Shadow Copy Allocating Disk Space for Shadow Copies Determining Which Disk to Use to Store Shadow Copies Deciding When to Create Shadow Copies Setup for Clients How the Client User Interface Works Client UI Setup Recovery of Files or Folders Recovering a Deleted File Recovering an Overwritten or Corrupted File Recovering a Folder      Summary Related Links Introduction In today’s fast-paced, information-rich work environment, the impact of lost data on business is often  overlooked.  Studies have shown that human error— primarily accidental file deletion or modification—causes over  one-third of all data loss. For the average business, whether a small, medium, or enterprise  organization, the impact of lost data is at the least an inconvenience and at the worst a critical blow  that can jeopardize daily operations. Microsoft® Windows Server™ 2003 includes Shadow Copies of Shared Folders to help prevent  inadvertent loss of data.  Shadow copies are a low-cost way to recover from many file-related accidents caused by human  error, such as accidentally deleting, corrupting, or editing a file.  Shadow Copies of Shared Folders helps alleviate data loss by creating shadow copies of files or  folders that are stored on network file shares at pre-determined time intervals. In essence, a shadow  copy is a previous version of the file or folder at a specific point in time.  Figure 1 shows the ease with which an end user can access shadow copies by using the familiar  Windows Explorer interface.       Figure 1. Windows Explorer window showing Shadow Copies of Shared Folders  By using shadow copies, a Windows Server 2003-based file server can efficiently and transparently  maintain a set of previous versions of all files on the selected volumes. End users access the file or  folder by using a separate client add-on program, which enables them to view the file in Windows  Explorer. The client program, which is included on the Windows Server 2003 CD, integrates  seamlessly with the client PC and enables the user to view the previous version of the file.  Shadow copies cannot replace the current backup, archive or business recovery system, but they can  help to simplify restore procedures.  For example, shadow copies cannot protect against data loss due to media failures. However,  recovering data from shadow copies should reduce the number of times needed to restore data from  tape. It is wise for all organizations, regardless of their size or complexity to implement archive or  business recovery systems as part of their backup or data recovery strategy. Shadow copies are not intended to be used for document version control. Rather, they are point-in- time copies, which are created on a scheduled basis. For document version control, please read  about Windows SharePoint™ Team Services. Client Usage Scenarios Shadow copy usage scenarios for both client and IT administrators are relatively straightforward.  Three common scenarios of data loss due to human error are: Accidental file deletions. Accidental overwrites of a file (for example, forgot to perform ‘Save as’). File corruption. Shadow Copies of Shared Folders provides an end user-accessible tool that restores documents by  accessing point-in-time shadow copies of documents and folders stored on network shares. Local  volume recovery support of an end user’s computer, for example, is not supported. The network file  share must have the Volume Shadow Copy service enabled on a Windows Server 2003-based  computer. Shadow Copies of Shared Folders is transparent to end users when they store files on the network  file server. Only when an end user needs to replace a lost or damaged file with a prior version will  they activate the client user interface (UI) through Windows Explorer. Shadow Copies of Shared  Folders also enables users to see network folder contents at specific points in time.  What Shadow Copies of Shared Folders Can Do Shadow Copies of Shared Folders helps end users: Recover files without assistance from the help desk. Recover files that were not saved using the “Saved as” command. Recover files that were corrupted and not recovered with the file recovery capabilities of  Windows XP Professional or Microsoft Office XP. Shadow Copies of Shared Folders creates a safety net for end users by providing an easily and       Shadow Copies of Shared Folders creates a safety net for end users by providing an easily and  readily available previous version of a file. In this way, Shadow Copies of Shared Folders helps end  users to: Manage their own files. Fix mistakes without rebuilding the file or calling the help desk. Save time and money for the business. IT Usage Scenarios The most common scenario for recovering lost or corrupted files is a request by the end user to the IT  help desk to find an archived version. Assuming that the organization has an archiving system in  place, this request usually means a costly and time-intensive search of archived media, which in  many instances is a tape back-up.  This situation creates several problems: Potential loss of business agility or revenue if the lost document is time- or context-sensitive. Increased unproductive time for end user. Increased cost to help desk and IT support services. Shadow Copies of Shared Folders enables end users to view the contents of shared folders as they  existed at specific points in time, and recover those files by themselves. This eliminates  administrators having to restore accidentally deleted or overwritten files, Implementing Shadow Copies of Shared Folders for routine file recovery scenarios can help to: Reduce demand on busy administrators; for example, by reducing restore-from-tape requests. Reduce the cost of recovering single or multiple files. Table 1 below presents a summary of how end users, IT departments, and organizations can benefit  by implementing Shadow Copies of Shared Folders. Table 1: Benefits of Using Shadow Copies of Shared Folders  Benefit End User IT Department Company Saves lost time by not having to rebuild file Empowers users to manage their own files Saves critical data and information Saves money by avoiding data loss Avoids loss of revenue by retaining critical data Reduces end users’ dependence on IT administrators  Internal Use of Shadow Copy at Microsoft Microsoft enables users to redirect their My Documents folders to centralized work group file servers.  When a user accidentally deletes or overwrites a file and requests that the file be restored, the  process requires between one and three days, and up to three escalations, before the backup and  restore group can restore a file.  The Microsoft corporate restoration team gets approximately 75 restore requests per month, 90  percent of which are for data stored within the past month. Microsoft experience shows that  approximately one out of 10 restores require recovery from tape. The Microsoft Operations  Technology Group (OTG) estimates that each restoration costs approximately $300 for support and  escalation costs, plus lost end user productivity while the restoration takes place.  To decrease the cost associated with restoring files and increase user satisfaction, OTG enabled  shadow copies on the OTG Windows Server 2003 file servers.  OTG Pilot Program      OTG Pilot Program OTG engaged in a three-month pilot program that used 55 servers, which included 40 file servers that  used either file sharing or Distributed File System, 10 Internet Information Services (IIS) Web servers,  three SQL Server computers, and a cluster of file servers configured in a storage area network (SAN).  During this program, OTG determined that the default settings for the schedule and storage volume  provided approximately a month of previous versions, in part because shadow copies were not made  on weekends.  When a user contacted the support group to have a file restored, the support group provided a copy  of the Shadow Copies of Shared Folders client software to the user. The user required approximately  five minutes to install the software, and another five minutes to restore the file. As a result, the  average end user was able to restore a file in 10 minutes, instead of one to three days. Customer Satisfaction OTG found a high level of customer satisfaction, as evidenced by the following end user testimonials: “I have to say that Shadow Copies of Shared Folders is one of the coolest features I have ever  seen! It worked flawlessly! Thanks!” “Worked like a charm. You are my hero for the foreseeable future.” In addition, praise from administrators within OTG indicates the importance of Shadow Copies of  Shared Folders to IT administrators: “The best new feature in Windows Server 2003.” “Extremely easy to enable and setup.” Configuration and Metrics for Servers Using Shadow Copies of Shared Folders  The following explains the configuration of the OTG servers on which Shadow Copies of Shared  Folders was enabled: Hard drives. All drives were enabled for shadow copies except the C drive on the operating  system. The C drive was constrained for space for page files. Diff Area allocation. The default setup allows for a 10 percent drive space allocation. This  allocation was made in 1 gigabyte (GB) increments if the disk was constrained, for example, if  less than 10 percent of the disk was available. Shadow copy schedule. A default schedule of twice daily restorations (0700 and 1200) was  used.  The following metrics for 50 servers present an example of how OTG used shadow copies. Each  server used 30 gigabytes (GB), or 10 percent of the drive space of a 300 GB file server running  Windows Server 2003. Shadow copy disk: The average space used per shadow copy was 40 megabytes (MB). Space used for shadow copies: An average of 2 GB per drive (a maximum of 3.1 GB). 102 GB used in Diff Area with 542 GB of content on a 1.43-terabyte drive. Percentage of disk used by Diff Area: An average of seven percent per disk used for Diff Area; a maximum of nine percent. Relationship between Diff Area and data is 20 percent. Number of shadow copies: An average of 48.5, a minimum of four, and a maximum of 64. Approximately four weeks of shadow copies were available for end users. In summary, shadow copies provided Microsoft with a compelling alternative to file restoration by       In summary, shadow copies provided Microsoft with a compelling alternative to file restoration by  OTG. Table 2 presents a summary of those benefits. Table 2: Microsoft OTG Restore Compared to File Restoration Using Shadow Copies Metric Before Shadow Copies After Shadow Copies Number of restore requests 20 to 30 per month 1 to 2 per month Time Cost 3 to 7 days Seconds $300 per restore (plus time lost) Cost of “unused” disk space Escalations Multi-tiered No escalation required View before restore Cannot view file before restoring All versions available for viewing Setup for Servers End user access to previous versions of files can be ensured by enabling the shadow copy feature,  which provides point-in-time copies of files stored on general purpose file servers running  Windows Server 2003.  Enabling shadow copies can reduce the administrative burden of restoring previously backed up files  for users who accidentally delete or overwrite important files. The shadow copy feature works for both  open and closed files, so shadow copies can be taken even when files are in use. This section describes the key components for designing a shadow copy strategy, and presents a  high-level discussion of considerations for setting up Shadow Copies of Shared Folders in Windows  Server 2003. How Shadow Copy Works The shadow copy feature in Windows Server 2003 works by making a block-level copy of any  changes that have occurred to files since the last shadow copy. Only the changes are copied, not the  entire file.  As a result, previous versions of files do not usually take up as much disk space as the current file,  although the amount of disk space used for changes can vary, depending on the application that  changed the file.  For example, some applications rewrite the entire file when a change is made, but other applications  add changes to the existing file. If the entire file is rewritten to disk, then the shadow copy contains the  entire file. Therefore, consider the type of applications in your organization, as well as the frequency  and number of updates, when you determine how much disk space to allocate for shadow copies. Important: Shadow copies do not eliminate the need to perform regular backups, nor do shadow  copies provide protection from media failure. In addition, shadow copies are not permanent. As new  shadow copies are taken, old shadow copies are purged when the size of all shadow copies reaches  a configurable maximum, or when the number of shadow copies reaches 64, whichever is sooner.  Therefore, shadow copies might not be present for as long as end users expect them to be. End user  needs and expectations should be considered when shadow copies are configured. Designing a Shadow Copy Strategy A shadow copy strategy consists of making four key decisions before setup is initiated on the server  and the client user interface is made available to end users. These decisions involve the following: Source files—From what volume will shadow copies be taken?  Disk space—How much disk space should be allocated for shadow copies? Location of copies—Will separate disks be used to store shadow copies? Schedule—How frequently will shadow copies be made? These decisions must be made before proceeding to server setup. Trying to set up the server before       These decisions must be made before proceeding to server setup. Trying to set up the server before  making these decisions will create unnecessary work, and possibly impede the proper setup and  subsequent use of the service. Determining the Volume from Which to Take a Shadow Copy Shadow copies are taken for a complete volume, but not for a specific directory, Shadow copies work  best when the server stores user files, such as documents, spreadsheets, presentations, graphics, or  database files. Shadow copies should not be used to provide access to previous versions of  application or e-mail databases. Shadow copies are designed for volumes that store user data such as home directories and My  Documents folders that are redirected by using Group Policy or other shared folders in which users  store data.  Shadow copies work with compressed or encrypted files and retain whatever permissions were set on  the files when the shadow copies were taken. For example, if a user is denied permission to read a  file, that user would not be able to restore a previous version of the file, or be able to read the file after  it has been restored. Although shadow copies are taken for an entire volume, users must use shared folders to access  shadow copies. Administrators on the local server must also specify the \\servername\sharename path to access shadow copies. If administrators or end users want to access a previous version of a  file that does not reside in a shared folder, the administrator must first share the folder. Shadow copies are available only on NTFS, not FAT volumes. Files or folders that are recorded by using shadow copy appear static, even though the original data is  changing. Allocating Disk Space for Shadow Copies When shadow copies are enabled on a volume, the maximum amount of volume space to be used for  the shadow copies can be specified. The default limit is 10 percent of the source volume (the volume  being copied). The limit for volumes in which users frequently change files should be increased. Also,  note that setting the limit too low causes the oldest shadow copies to be deleted frequently, which  defeats the purpose of shadow copies and frustrates users.  If the frequency of changes to each file is greater than the amount of space allocated to storing  shadow copies, then no shadow copy is created. Therefore, administrators should carefully consider  the amount of disk space they want to set aside for shadow copies, and keep in mind user  expectations of how many versions they will want to have available. End users might expect only a  single shadow copy to be available, or they might expect three days or three weeks worth of shadow  copies. The more shadow copies users expect, the more storage space administrators must allocate  for storing them. Setting the limit too low also affects Backup and other backup programs that use shadow copy  technology because these programs are also limited to using the amount of disk space specified by  administrators. The important point for administrators to understand is that the amount of disk space allocated for  shadow copies depends on how frequently that data changes rather than how much data is being  stored. Performance counters are available in the Windows Server 2003 Resource Kit to help monitor the  amount of shadow copy space used as a percentage of the space allocated. Important Regardless of the volume space that is allocated for shadow copies, there is a maximum  of 64 shadow copies for any volume. When the 65th shadow copy is taken, the oldest shadow copy is  purged. Determining Which Disk to Use to Store Shadow Copies      To store the shadow copies of another volume on the same file server, a volume can be dedicated on  separate disks. For example, if user files are stored on H:\, another volume such as S:\ can be used  to store the shadow copies. Using a separate volume on separate disks provides better performance  and is recommended for heavily used file servers.  If a separate volume will be used for the storage area (where shadow copies are stored), the  maximum size should be changed to No Limit to reflect the space available on the storage area  volume instead of the source volume (where the user files are stored). Disk space for shadow copies can be allocated on either the same volume as the source files or a  different volume. There is, however, a tradeoff between ease of use and maintenance versus  performance and reliability that the system administrator must consider.  For example, by keeping the shadow copy on the same volume, although there is a potential gain in  ease of setup and maintenance, there may be a reduction in performance and reliability. Determining on which volume shadow copies are stored is as much about effective use of IT  resources as it is about end user convenience. Every organization has different decision criteria.  These decisions should be made before assignment of the volume location for storing shadow copies. Important: If shadow copies are stored on the same volume as the user files, note that a burst of disk  input/output (I/O) can cause all shadow copies to be deleted. If the sudden deletion of shadow copies  is unacceptable to administrators or end users, it is best to use a separate volume on separate disks  to store shadow copies. Deciding When to Create Shadow Copies The more frequently shadow copies are created, the more likely that end users will get the version  that they want. However, with a maximum of 64 shadow copies per volume, there is a tradeoff  between the frequency of making shadow copies and the amount of time that the earlier files will be  available. If it is necessary to create shadow copies frequently (once every two hours for example), you would  have a relatively short period—128 hours or approximately five days—during which an end user could  retrieve the latest version of a file. If shadow copies (that is the first of the 64 shadow copies before  the oldest is automatically purged) must be available for longer periods, then the time between  shadow copies must be extended.  By default, Windows Server 2003 creates shadow copies at 0700 and 1200, Monday through Friday.  However, these settings are easily modified by the administrator so that the shadow copy schedule  can better accommodate end user needs.  Important Keep in mind that the more shadow copies are created, the more disk space the shadow  copies can consume, especially if files change frequently.  For details about server setup, refer to the Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Deployment Kit. For  details about operations and maintenance of Shadow Copies of Shared Folders, refer to the Microsoft  Windows Server 2003 Resource Kit. (URLs for both kits can be found in the Related Links section at  the end of this paper.) Setup for Clients This section describes the key components for setting up Shadow Copies of Shared Folders services  on client computers. How the Client User Interface Works Shadow copies can be accessed by computers running Windows Server 2003, on which Shadow  Copies of Shared Folders is a native function. Shadow copies can also be accessed by computers  running Windows XP Professional, Windows 2000 Server, Windows 2000 Professional, and Windows       running Windows XP Professional, Windows 2000 Server, Windows 2000 Professional, and Windows  98 on which the Shadow Copies of Shared Folders client has been installed. The Shadow Copies of Shared Folders client pack installs a Previous Versions tab in the Properties  dialog box of files and folders on network shares. Users access shadow copies with Windows Explorer and by selecting one of three options—View,  Copy, or Restore, which are located on the newly installed Previous Versions tab. Figure 2 shows how the Previous Versions tab in the Properties dialog box looks to the end user.  This view is consistent for both files and folders. The UI is consistent in all supported client operating  systems. Figure 2. Previous Versions tab in the Properties dialog box When users view a network folder hosted on a server running Windows Server 2003, they can ask to  see all old versions of a file or directory. Viewing the properties of the file or folder will present users  with the folder or file history—a list of read-only, point-in-time copies of the file or folder contents that       with the folder or file history—a list of read-only, point-in-time copies of the file or folder contents that  users can then open and explore like any other file or folder. Users can view files in the folder history,  copy files from the folder history, and so on. Client UI Setup End user setup of the client UI is as simple as installing any kind of simple application plug-in. Shadow copies can be accessed only by computers on which the Shadow Copies of Shared Folders  client software (Twcli32.msi) has been installed. For Windows Server 2003, Shadow Copies of  Shared Folders works by default. For Windows XP Professional, the code is available on the  Windows Server 2003 CD at %Windir%\System32\Clients\Twclient\X86.  You can install this file manually on clients or deploy the file by using the software distribution  component of Group Policy. For more information about software distribution, see “Deploying a  Managed Software Environment” in “Designing a Managed Environment” in the Windows Server 2003  Deployment Kit, which is available from the Microsoft Windows Resource Kits Web site at  http://www.microsoft.com/windows/reskits/. Client computers running Windows XP Professional, Windows XP Home, Windows 2000 Server (SP3  and above), and Windows 2000 Professional, and Windows 98 can also access shadow copies after  the Shadow Copies of Shared Folders client software has been installed. This file will be available  after April 23, 2003, at  http://www.microsoft.com/windowsserver2003/downloads/shadowcopyclient.mspx. Note If these operating systems have not yet been deployed on client computers, one or more  computers that users can use to restore previous versions of files can be deployed. If it is better to  have end users perform self-service downloads, the file size of the client is 290 KB. Download time  will vary depending upon the speed at which end users connect to the network or computer hosting  the client file. End users should be advised accordingly. Client computers running Windows NT® Server version 4.0, Windows NT Workstation version 4.0, or  Windows Millennium Edition are not supported at this time.  Recovery of Files or Folders There are three fundamental situations in which most end users find themselves at one time or  another when they use their computers. These scenarios include: Accidental file deletion, the most common situation. Accidental file replacement, which occurs for example, when users forget to use Save As. File corruption. It is possible to recover from all of these scenarios by accessing shadow copies. The process is a little  different when accessing a file compared to accessing a folder. Important End users should be notified regarding how frequently shadow copies of the selected  volume will be made. End users should also be made aware that there is a maximum of 64 shadow  copies, after which the earliest copy is purged. Recovering a Deleted File To recover a deleted file, use the following procedure:  Navigate to the folder in which the deleted file had been stored. Position the cursor over a blank space in the folder. If the cursor hovers over a file, that file will be  selected. Right-click the mouse and select Properties from the bottom of the menu. Select the Previous  Versions tab. 1. 2. 3.     4. 5. 6. 1. 2. 3. Versions tab. Select the version of the folder that contains the file before it was deleted, and then click View. View the folder and select the file that will be recovered. Drag and drop, or cut and paste, the shadow copy to the desktop or folder on the end user’s local  machine. Figure 3 shows how end users can select a specific file within a folder to restore. Figure 3.Selecting specific files within folders Recovering an Overwritten or Corrupted File Recovering an overwritten or corrupted file is easier than recovering a deleted file because the file  itself can be right-clicked instead of the folder. To recover an overwritten or corrupted file use the  following procedure: Right-click the overwritten or corrupted file and click Properties. Select Previous Versions. If you want to view the old version, click View. To copy the old version to another location, click  Copy... To replace the current version with the older version, click Restore. Recovering a Folder     1. 2. 3. 4. Recovering a Folder To recover a folder use the following procedure: Position the cursor so that it is over a blank space in the folder that will be recovered. If the cursor  hovers over a file, that file will be selected. Right-click the mouse, select Properties from the bottom of the menu, and then, click the Previous  Versions tab. Choose either Copy or Restore. Choosing Restore enables the user to recover everything in that folder as well as all subfolders.  Selecting Restore will not delete any files. Summary Shadow Copies of Shared Folders provides an end user-accessible tool that restores documents by  accessing point-in-time shadow copies of documents and folders stored on network shares. It presents a low-cost way for end users to recover from many file related accidents caused by human  error, such as accidentally deleting, corrupting, or editing a file.  Shadow Copies of Shared Folders is an example of how Windows Server 2003, intelligent file and  print services deliver value directly to the end user at the desk top and also help to lower total cost of  ownership (TCO) for the IT department. Related Links See the following resources for further information: Shadow Copies of Shared Folders: Frequently Asked Questions at  www.microsoft.com/ windowsserver2003/techinfo/overview/scrfaq View an animated demonstration of Volume Shadow Copy Service at  www.microsoft.com/windowsserver2003/evaluation/demos/default For information on the Windows Server 2003 Deployment Kit and the Microsoft Windows Server 2003  Resource Kit, go to the Microsoft Windows Resource Kits Web site at  www.microsoft.com/windows/reskits/. For the latest information about Windows Server 2003, see the Windows Server 2003 Web site at  www.microsoft.com/windowsserver2003.    ","[56, 0, 72, 448]","[427, 439]","Introduction to Shadow Copies of Shared Folders Introduction to Shadow Copies of Shared Folders Introduction to Shadow Copies of Shared Folders Introduction to Shadow Copies of Shared Folders Introduction to Shadow Copies of Shared Folders Introduction to Shadow Copies of Shared Folders Introduction to Shadow Copies of Shared Folders Introduction to Shadow Copies of Shared Folders Introduction to Shadow Copies of Shared Folders Introduction to Shadow Copies of Shared Folders   Monday, June 24, 2013 9:01 AM Microsoft Corporation Published: March 2003 Abstract A component of the intelligent file storage technologies in Microsoft® Windows® Server 2003, Shadow Copies of  Shared Folders provides an end user-accessible means to recover from accidental document deletion or  inadvertent document revisions by accessing point-in-time copies of documents and folders. This white paper, written for IT architects and system administrators, describes the functionality of Shadow  Copies of Shared Folders the fundamentals of how to design a shadow copy strategy, and the basic steps for  setting up and using Shadow Copies of Shared Folders on both servers and clients.  This is a preliminary document and may be changed substantially prior to  final commercial release of the software described herein. The information contained in this document represents the current view of  Microsoft Corporation on the issues discussed as of the date of  publication. Because Microsoft must respond to changing market  conditions, it should not be interpreted to be a commitment on the part of  Microsoft, and Microsoft cannot guarantee the accuracy of any       Microsoft, and Microsoft cannot guarantee the accuracy of any  information presented after the date of publication. This document is for informational purposes only. MICROSOFT MAKES  NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE  INFORMATION IN THIS DOCUMENT. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of the  user. Without limiting the rights under copyright, no part of this document  may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or  transmitted in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical,  photocopying, recording, or otherwise), or for any purpose, without the  express written permission of Microsoft Corporation.  Microsoft may have patents, patent applications, trademarks, copyrights,  or other intellectual property rights covering subject matter in this  document. Except as expressly provided in any written license agreement  from Microsoft, the furnishing of this document does not give you any  license to these patents, trademarks, copyrights, or other intellectual  property. © 2003 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Microsoft, Windows, the Windows logo, Windows NT, and Windows  Server are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft  Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. Contents Introduction Client Usage Scenarios What Shadow Copies of Shared Folders Can Do IT Usage Scenarios Table 1: Benefits of Using Shadow Copies of Shared Folders Internal Use of Shadow Copy at Microsoft OTG Pilot Program Customer Satisfaction Configuration and Metrics for Servers Using Shadow Copies of Shared Folders Table 2: Microsoft OTG Restore Compared to File Restoration Using Shadow Copies Setup for Servers How Shadow Copy Works Designing a Shadow Copy Strategy Determining the Volume from Which to Take a Shadow Copy Allocating Disk Space for Shadow Copies Determining Which Disk to Use to Store Shadow Copies Deciding When to Create Shadow Copies Setup for Clients How the Client User Interface Works Client UI Setup Recovery of Files or Folders Recovering a Deleted File Recovering an Overwritten or Corrupted File Recovering a Folder      Summary Related Links Introduction In today’s fast-paced, information-rich work environment, the impact of lost data on business is often  overlooked.  Studies have shown that human error— primarily accidental file deletion or modification—causes over  one-third of all data loss. For the average business, whether a small, medium, or enterprise  organization, the impact of lost data is at the least an inconvenience and at the worst a critical blow  that can jeopardize daily operations. Microsoft® Windows Server™ 2003 includes Shadow Copies of Shared Folders to help prevent  inadvertent loss of data.  Shadow copies are a low-cost way to recover from many file-related accidents caused by human  error, such as accidentally deleting, corrupting, or editing a file.  Shadow Copies of Shared Folders helps alleviate data loss by creating shadow copies of files or  folders that are stored on network file shares at pre-determined time intervals. In essence, a shadow  copy is a previous version of the file or folder at a specific point in time.  Figure 1 shows the ease with which an end user can access shadow copies by using the familiar  Windows Explorer interface.       Figure 1. Windows Explorer window showing Shadow Copies of Shared Folders  By using shadow copies, a Windows Server 2003-based file server can efficiently and transparently  maintain a set of previous versions of all files on the selected volumes. End users access the file or  folder by using a separate client add-on program, which enables them to view the file in Windows  Explorer. The client program, which is included on the Windows Server 2003 CD, integrates  seamlessly with the client PC and enables the user to view the previous version of the file.  Shadow copies cannot replace the current backup, archive or business recovery system, but they can  help to simplify restore procedures.  For example, shadow copies cannot protect against data loss due to media failures. However,  recovering data from shadow copies should reduce the number of times needed to restore data from  tape. It is wise for all organizations, regardless of their size or complexity to implement archive or  business recovery systems as part of their backup or data recovery strategy. Shadow copies are not intended to be used for document version control. Rather, they are point-in- time copies, which are created on a scheduled basis. For document version control, please read  about Windows SharePoint™ Team Services. Client Usage Scenarios Shadow copy usage scenarios for both client and IT administrators are relatively straightforward.  Three common scenarios of data loss due to human error are: Accidental file deletions. Accidental overwrites of a file (for example, forgot to perform ‘Save as’). File corruption. Shadow Copies of Shared Folders provides an end user-accessible tool that restores documents by  accessing point-in-time shadow copies of documents and folders stored on network shares. Local  volume recovery support of an end user’s computer, for example, is not supported. The network file  share must have the Volume Shadow Copy service enabled on a Windows Server 2003-based  computer. Shadow Copies of Shared Folders is transparent to end users when they store files on the network  file server. Only when an end user needs to replace a lost or damaged file with a prior version will  they activate the client user interface (UI) through Windows Explorer. Shadow Copies of Shared  Folders also enables users to see network folder contents at specific points in time.  What Shadow Copies of Shared Folders Can Do Shadow Copies of Shared Folders helps end users: Recover files without assistance from the help desk. Recover files that were not saved using the “Saved as” command. Recover files that were corrupted and not recovered with the file recovery capabilities of  Windows XP Professional or Microsoft Office XP. Shadow Copies of Shared Folders creates a safety net for end users by providing an easily and       Shadow Copies of Shared Folders creates a safety net for end users by providing an easily and  readily available previous version of a file. In this way, Shadow Copies of Shared Folders helps end  users to: Manage their own files. Fix mistakes without rebuilding the file or calling the help desk. Save time and money for the business. IT Usage Scenarios The most common scenario for recovering lost or corrupted files is a request by the end user to the IT  help desk to find an archived version. Assuming that the organization has an archiving system in  place, this request usually means a costly and time-intensive search of archived media, which in  many instances is a tape back-up.  This situation creates several problems: Potential loss of business agility or revenue if the lost document is time- or context-sensitive. Increased unproductive time for end user. Increased cost to help desk and IT support services. Shadow Copies of Shared Folders enables end users to view the contents of shared folders as they  existed at specific points in time, and recover those files by themselves. This eliminates  administrators having to restore accidentally deleted or overwritten files, Implementing Shadow Copies of Shared Folders for routine file recovery scenarios can help to: Reduce demand on busy administrators; for example, by reducing restore-from-tape requests. Reduce the cost of recovering single or multiple files. Table 1 below presents a summary of how end users, IT departments, and organizations can benefit  by implementing Shadow Copies of Shared Folders. Table 1: Benefits of Using Shadow Copies of Shared Folders  Benefit End User IT Department Company Saves lost time by not having to rebuild file Empowers users to manage their own files Saves critical data and information Saves money by avoiding data loss Avoids loss of revenue by retaining critical data Reduces end users’ dependence on IT administrators  Internal Use of Shadow Copy at Microsoft Microsoft enables users to redirect their My Documents folders to centralized work group file servers.  When a user accidentally deletes or overwrites a file and requests that the file be restored, the  process requires between one and three days, and up to three escalations, before the backup and  restore group can restore a file.  The Microsoft corporate restoration team gets approximately 75 restore requests per month, 90  percent of which are for data stored within the past month. Microsoft experience shows that  approximately one out of 10 restores require recovery from tape. The Microsoft Operations  Technology Group (OTG) estimates that each restoration costs approximately $300 for support and  escalation costs, plus lost end user productivity while the restoration takes place.  To decrease the cost associated with restoring files and increase user satisfaction, OTG enabled  shadow copies on the OTG Windows Server 2003 file servers.  OTG Pilot Program      OTG Pilot Program OTG engaged in a three-month pilot program that used 55 servers, which included 40 file servers that  used either file sharing or Distributed File System, 10 Internet Information Services (IIS) Web servers,  three SQL Server computers, and a cluster of file servers configured in a storage area network (SAN).  During this program, OTG determined that the default settings for the schedule and storage volume  provided approximately a month of previous versions, in part because shadow copies were not made  on weekends.  When a user contacted the support group to have a file restored, the support group provided a copy  of the Shadow Copies of Shared Folders client software to the user. The user required approximately  five minutes to install the software, and another five minutes to restore the file. As a result, the  average end user was able to restore a file in 10 minutes, instead of one to three days. Customer Satisfaction OTG found a high level of customer satisfaction, as evidenced by the following end user testimonials: “I have to say that Shadow Copies of Shared Folders is one of the coolest features I have ever  seen! It worked flawlessly! Thanks!” “Worked like a charm. You are my hero for the foreseeable future.” In addition, praise from administrators within OTG indicates the importance of Shadow Copies of  Shared Folders to IT administrators: “The best new feature in Windows Server 2003.” “Extremely easy to enable and setup.” Configuration and Metrics for Servers Using Shadow Copies of Shared Folders  The following explains the configuration of the OTG servers on which Shadow Copies of Shared  Folders was enabled: Hard drives. All drives were enabled for shadow copies except the C drive on the operating  system. The C drive was constrained for space for page files. Diff Area allocation. The default setup allows for a 10 percent drive space allocation. This  allocation was made in 1 gigabyte (GB) increments if the disk was constrained, for example, if  less than 10 percent of the disk was available. Shadow copy schedule. A default schedule of twice daily restorations (0700 and 1200) was  used.  The following metrics for 50 servers present an example of how OTG used shadow copies. Each  server used 30 gigabytes (GB), or 10 percent of the drive space of a 300 GB file server running  Windows Server 2003. Shadow copy disk: The average space used per shadow copy was 40 megabytes (MB). Space used for shadow copies: An average of 2 GB per drive (a maximum of 3.1 GB). 102 GB used in Diff Area with 542 GB of content on a 1.43-terabyte drive. Percentage of disk used by Diff Area: An average of seven percent per disk used for Diff Area; a maximum of nine percent. Relationship between Diff Area and data is 20 percent. Number of shadow copies: An average of 48.5, a minimum of four, and a maximum of 64. Approximately four weeks of shadow copies were available for end users. In summary, shadow copies provided Microsoft with a compelling alternative to file restoration by       In summary, shadow copies provided Microsoft with a compelling alternative to file restoration by  OTG. Table 2 presents a summary of those benefits. Table 2: Microsoft OTG Restore Compared to File Restoration Using Shadow Copies Metric Before Shadow Copies After Shadow Copies Number of restore requests 20 to 30 per month 1 to 2 per month Time Cost 3 to 7 days Seconds $300 per restore (plus time lost) Cost of “unused” disk space Escalations Multi-tiered No escalation required View before restore Cannot view file before restoring All versions available for viewing Setup for Servers End user access to previous versions of files can be ensured by enabling the shadow copy feature,  which provides point-in-time copies of files stored on general purpose file servers running  Windows Server 2003.  Enabling shadow copies can reduce the administrative burden of restoring previously backed up files  for users who accidentally delete or overwrite important files. The shadow copy feature works for both  open and closed files, so shadow copies can be taken even when files are in use. This section describes the key components for designing a shadow copy strategy, and presents a  high-level discussion of considerations for setting up Shadow Copies of Shared Folders in Windows  Server 2003. How Shadow Copy Works The shadow copy feature in Windows Server 2003 works by making a block-level copy of any  changes that have occurred to files since the last shadow copy. Only the changes are copied, not the  entire file.  As a result, previous versions of files do not usually take up as much disk space as the current file,  although the amount of disk space used for changes can vary, depending on the application that  changed the file.  For example, some applications rewrite the entire file when a change is made, but other applications  add changes to the existing file. If the entire file is rewritten to disk, then the shadow copy contains the  entire file. Therefore, consider the type of applications in your organization, as well as the frequency  and number of updates, when you determine how much disk space to allocate for shadow copies. Important: Shadow copies do not eliminate the need to perform regular backups, nor do shadow  copies provide protection from media failure. In addition, shadow copies are not permanent. As new  shadow copies are taken, old shadow copies are purged when the size of all shadow copies reaches  a configurable maximum, or when the number of shadow copies reaches 64, whichever is sooner.  Therefore, shadow copies might not be present for as long as end users expect them to be. End user  needs and expectations should be considered when shadow copies are configured. Designing a Shadow Copy Strategy A shadow copy strategy consists of making four key decisions before setup is initiated on the server  and the client user interface is made available to end users. These decisions involve the following: Source files—From what volume will shadow copies be taken?  Disk space—How much disk space should be allocated for shadow copies? Location of copies—Will separate disks be used to store shadow copies? Schedule—How frequently will shadow copies be made? These decisions must be made before proceeding to server setup. Trying to set up the server before       These decisions must be made before proceeding to server setup. Trying to set up the server before  making these decisions will create unnecessary work, and possibly impede the proper setup and  subsequent use of the service. Determining the Volume from Which to Take a Shadow Copy Shadow copies are taken for a complete volume, but not for a specific directory, Shadow copies work  best when the server stores user files, such as documents, spreadsheets, presentations, graphics, or  database files. Shadow copies should not be used to provide access to previous versions of  application or e-mail databases. Shadow copies are designed for volumes that store user data such as home directories and My  Documents folders that are redirected by using Group Policy or other shared folders in which users  store data.  Shadow copies work with compressed or encrypted files and retain whatever permissions were set on  the files when the shadow copies were taken. For example, if a user is denied permission to read a  file, that user would not be able to restore a previous version of the file, or be able to read the file after  it has been restored. Although shadow copies are taken for an entire volume, users must use shared folders to access  shadow copies. Administrators on the local server must also specify the \\servername\sharename path to access shadow copies. If administrators or end users want to access a previous version of a  file that does not reside in a shared folder, the administrator must first share the folder. Shadow copies are available only on NTFS, not FAT volumes. Files or folders that are recorded by using shadow copy appear static, even though the original data is  changing. Allocating Disk Space for Shadow Copies When shadow copies are enabled on a volume, the maximum amount of volume space to be used for  the shadow copies can be specified. The default limit is 10 percent of the source volume (the volume  being copied). The limit for volumes in which users frequently change files should be increased. Also,  note that setting the limit too low causes the oldest shadow copies to be deleted frequently, which  defeats the purpose of shadow copies and frustrates users.  If the frequency of changes to each file is greater than the amount of space allocated to storing  shadow copies, then no shadow copy is created. Therefore, administrators should carefully consider  the amount of disk space they want to set aside for shadow copies, and keep in mind user  expectations of how many versions they will want to have available. End users might expect only a  single shadow copy to be available, or they might expect three days or three weeks worth of shadow  copies. The more shadow copies users expect, the more storage space administrators must allocate  for storing them. Setting the limit too low also affects Backup and other backup programs that use shadow copy  technology because these programs are also limited to using the amount of disk space specified by  administrators. The important point for administrators to understand is that the amount of disk space allocated for  shadow copies depends on how frequently that data changes rather than how much data is being  stored. Performance counters are available in the Windows Server 2003 Resource Kit to help monitor the  amount of shadow copy space used as a percentage of the space allocated. Important Regardless of the volume space that is allocated for shadow copies, there is a maximum  of 64 shadow copies for any volume. When the 65th shadow copy is taken, the oldest shadow copy is  purged. Determining Which Disk to Use to Store Shadow Copies      To store the shadow copies of another volume on the same file server, a volume can be dedicated on  separate disks. For example, if user files are stored on H:\, another volume such as S:\ can be used  to store the shadow copies. Using a separate volume on separate disks provides better performance  and is recommended for heavily used file servers.  If a separate volume will be used for the storage area (where shadow copies are stored), the  maximum size should be changed to No Limit to reflect the space available on the storage area  volume instead of the source volume (where the user files are stored). Disk space for shadow copies can be allocated on either the same volume as the source files or a  different volume. There is, however, a tradeoff between ease of use and maintenance versus  performance and reliability that the system administrator must consider.  For example, by keeping the shadow copy on the same volume, although there is a potential gain in  ease of setup and maintenance, there may be a reduction in performance and reliability. Determining on which volume shadow copies are stored is as much about effective use of IT  resources as it is about end user convenience. Every organization has different decision criteria.  These decisions should be made before assignment of the volume location for storing shadow copies. Important: If shadow copies are stored on the same volume as the user files, note that a burst of disk  input/output (I/O) can cause all shadow copies to be deleted. If the sudden deletion of shadow copies  is unacceptable to administrators or end users, it is best to use a separate volume on separate disks  to store shadow copies. Deciding When to Create Shadow Copies The more frequently shadow copies are created, the more likely that end users will get the version  that they want. However, with a maximum of 64 shadow copies per volume, there is a tradeoff  between the frequency of making shadow copies and the amount of time that the earlier files will be  available. If it is necessary to create shadow copies frequently (once every two hours for example), you would  have a relatively short period—128 hours or approximately five days—during which an end user could  retrieve the latest version of a file. If shadow copies (that is the first of the 64 shadow copies before  the oldest is automatically purged) must be available for longer periods, then the time between  shadow copies must be extended.  By default, Windows Server 2003 creates shadow copies at 0700 and 1200, Monday through Friday.  However, these settings are easily modified by the administrator so that the shadow copy schedule  can better accommodate end user needs.  Important Keep in mind that the more shadow copies are created, the more disk space the shadow  copies can consume, especially if files change frequently.  For details about server setup, refer to the Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Deployment Kit. For  details about operations and maintenance of Shadow Copies of Shared Folders, refer to the Microsoft  Windows Server 2003 Resource Kit. (URLs for both kits can be found in the Related Links section at  the end of this paper.) Setup for Clients This section describes the key components for setting up Shadow Copies of Shared Folders services  on client computers. How the Client User Interface Works Shadow copies can be accessed by computers running Windows Server 2003, on which Shadow  Copies of Shared Folders is a native function. Shadow copies can also be accessed by computers  running Windows XP Professional, Windows 2000 Server, Windows 2000 Professional, and Windows       running Windows XP Professional, Windows 2000 Server, Windows 2000 Professional, and Windows  98 on which the Shadow Copies of Shared Folders client has been installed. The Shadow Copies of Shared Folders client pack installs a Previous Versions tab in the Properties  dialog box of files and folders on network shares. Users access shadow copies with Windows Explorer and by selecting one of three options—View,  Copy, or Restore, which are located on the newly installed Previous Versions tab. Figure 2 shows how the Previous Versions tab in the Properties dialog box looks to the end user.  This view is consistent for both files and folders. The UI is consistent in all supported client operating  systems. Figure 2. Previous Versions tab in the Properties dialog box When users view a network folder hosted on a server running Windows Server 2003, they can ask to  see all old versions of a file or directory. Viewing the properties of the file or folder will present users  with the folder or file history—a list of read-only, point-in-time copies of the file or folder contents that       with the folder or file history—a list of read-only, point-in-time copies of the file or folder contents that  users can then open and explore like any other file or folder. Users can view files in the folder history,  copy files from the folder history, and so on. Client UI Setup End user setup of the client UI is as simple as installing any kind of simple application plug-in. Shadow copies can be accessed only by computers on which the Shadow Copies of Shared Folders  client software (Twcli32.msi) has been installed. For Windows Server 2003, Shadow Copies of  Shared Folders works by default. For Windows XP Professional, the code is available on the  Windows Server 2003 CD at %Windir%\System32\Clients\Twclient\X86.  You can install this file manually on clients or deploy the file by using the software distribution  component of Group Policy. For more information about software distribution, see “Deploying a  Managed Software Environment” in “Designing a Managed Environment” in the Windows Server 2003  Deployment Kit, which is available from the Microsoft Windows Resource Kits Web site at  http://www.microsoft.com/windows/reskits/. Client computers running Windows XP Professional, Windows XP Home, Windows 2000 Server (SP3  and above), and Windows 2000 Professional, and Windows 98 can also access shadow copies after  the Shadow Copies of Shared Folders client software has been installed. This file will be available  after April 23, 2003, at  http://www.microsoft.com/windowsserver2003/downloads/shadowcopyclient.mspx. Note If these operating systems have not yet been deployed on client computers, one or more  computers that users can use to restore previous versions of files can be deployed. If it is better to  have end users perform self-service downloads, the file size of the client is 290 KB. Download time  will vary depending upon the speed at which end users connect to the network or computer hosting  the client file. End users should be advised accordingly. Client computers running Windows NT® Server version 4.0, Windows NT Workstation version 4.0, or  Windows Millennium Edition are not supported at this time.  Recovery of Files or Folders There are three fundamental situations in which most end users find themselves at one time or  another when they use their computers. These scenarios include: Accidental file deletion, the most common situation. Accidental file replacement, which occurs for example, when users forget to use Save As. File corruption. It is possible to recover from all of these scenarios by accessing shadow copies. The process is a little  different when accessing a file compared to accessing a folder. Important End users should be notified regarding how frequently shadow copies of the selected  volume will be made. End users should also be made aware that there is a maximum of 64 shadow  copies, after which the earliest copy is purged. Recovering a Deleted File To recover a deleted file, use the following procedure:  Navigate to the folder in which the deleted file had been stored. Position the cursor over a blank space in the folder. If the cursor hovers over a file, that file will be  selected. Right-click the mouse and select Properties from the bottom of the menu. Select the Previous  Versions tab. 1. 2. 3.     4. 5. 6. 1. 2. 3. Versions tab. Select the version of the folder that contains the file before it was deleted, and then click View. View the folder and select the file that will be recovered. Drag and drop, or cut and paste, the shadow copy to the desktop or folder on the end user’s local  machine. Figure 3 shows how end users can select a specific file within a folder to restore. Figure 3.Selecting specific files within folders Recovering an Overwritten or Corrupted File Recovering an overwritten or corrupted file is easier than recovering a deleted file because the file  itself can be right-clicked instead of the folder. To recover an overwritten or corrupted file use the  following procedure: Right-click the overwritten or corrupted file and click Properties. Select Previous Versions. If you want to view the old version, click View. To copy the old version to another location, click  Copy... To replace the current version with the older version, click Restore. Recovering a Folder     1. 2. 3. 4. Recovering a Folder To recover a folder use the following procedure: Position the cursor so that it is over a blank space in the folder that will be recovered. If the cursor  hovers over a file, that file will be selected. Right-click the mouse, select Properties from the bottom of the menu, and then, click the Previous  Versions tab. Choose either Copy or Restore. Choosing Restore enables the user to recover everything in that folder as well as all subfolders.  Selecting Restore will not delete any files. Summary Shadow Copies of Shared Folders provides an end user-accessible tool that restores documents by  accessing point-in-time shadow copies of documents and folders stored on network shares. It presents a low-cost way for end users to recover from many file related accidents caused by human  error, such as accidentally deleting, corrupting, or editing a file.  Shadow Copies of Shared Folders is an example of how Windows Server 2003, intelligent file and  print services deliver value directly to the end user at the desk top and also help to lower total cost of  ownership (TCO) for the IT department. Related Links See the following resources for further information: Shadow Copies of Shared Folders: Frequently Asked Questions at  www.microsoft.com/ windowsserver2003/techinfo/overview/scrfaq View an animated demonstration of Volume Shadow Copy Service at  www.microsoft.com/windowsserver2003/evaluation/demos/default For information on the Windows Server 2003 Deployment Kit and the Microsoft Windows Server 2003  Resource Kit, go to the Microsoft Windows Resource Kits Web site at  www.microsoft.com/windows/reskits/. For the latest information about Windows Server 2003, see the Windows Server 2003 Web site at  www.microsoft.com/windowsserver2003.    ","introduction shadow copy share folders introduction shadow copy share folders introduction shadow copy share folders introduction shadow copy share folders introduction shadow copy share folders introduction shadow copy share folders introduction shadow copy share folders introduction shadow copy share folders introduction shadow copy share folders introduction shadow copy share folders monday, june 24, 2013 9:01 microsoft corporation published: march 2003 abstract component intelligent file storage technologies microsoft® windows® server 2003, shadow copy share folders provide end user-accessible mean recover accidental document deletion inadvertent document revisions access point-in-time copy document folders. white paper, write architects system administrators, describe functionality shadow copy share folders fundamentals design shadow copy strategy, basic step set use shadow copy share folders servers clients. preliminary document may change substantially prior final commercial release software describe herein. information contain document represent current view microsoft corporation issue discuss date publication. microsoft must respond change market conditions, interpret commitment part microsoft, microsoft cannot guarantee accuracy microsoft, microsoft cannot guarantee accuracy information present date publication. document informational purpose only. microsoft make warranties, express implied, information document. comply applicable copyright laws responsibility user. without limit right copyright, part document may reproduced, store introduce retrieval system, transmit form mean (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, otherwise), purpose, without express write permission microsoft corporation. microsoft may patents, patent applications, trademarks, copyrights, intellectual property right cover subject matter document. except expressly provide write license agreement microsoft, furnish document give license patents, trademarks, copyrights, intellectual property. © 2003 microsoft corporation. right reserved. microsoft, windows, windows logo, windows nt, windows server either register trademark trademark microsoft corporation unite state and/or countries. content introduction client usage scenarios shadow copy share folders usage scenarios table 1: benefit use shadow copy share folders internal use shadow copy microsoft otg pilot program customer satisfaction configuration metrics servers use shadow copy share folders table 2: microsoft otg restore compare file restoration use shadow copy setup servers shadow copy work design shadow copy strategy determine volume take shadow copy allocate disk space shadow copy determine disk use store shadow copy decide create shadow copy setup clients client user interface work client ui setup recovery file folders recover delete file recover overwrite corrupt file recover folder summary relate link introduction today’s fast-paced, information-rich work environment, impact lose data business often overlooked. study show human error— primarily accidental file deletion modification—causes one-third data loss. average business, whether small, medium, enterprise organization, impact lose data least inconvenience worst critical blow jeopardize daily operations. microsoft® windows server™ 2003 include shadow copy share folders help prevent inadvertent loss data. shadow copy low-cost way recover many file-related accidents cause human error, accidentally deleting, corrupting, edit file. shadow copy share folders help alleviate data loss create shadow copy file folders store network file share pre-determined time intervals. essence, shadow copy previous version file folder specific point time. figure 1 show ease end user access shadow copy use familiar windows explorer interface. figure 1. windows explorer window show shadow copy share folders use shadow copies, windows server 2003-based file server efficiently transparently maintain set previous versions file select volumes. end users access file folder use separate client add-on program, enable view file windows explorer. client program, include windows server 2003 cd, integrate seamlessly client pc enable user view previous version file. shadow copy cannot replace current backup, archive business recovery system, help simplify restore procedures. example, shadow copy cannot protect data loss due media failures. however, recover data shadow copy reduce number time need restore data tape. wise organizations, regardless size complexity implement archive business recovery systems part backup data recovery strategy. shadow copy intend use document version control. rather, point-in- time copies, create schedule basis. document version control, please read windows sharepoint™ team services. client usage scenarios shadow copy usage scenarios client administrators relatively straightforward. three common scenarios data loss due human error are: accidental file deletions. accidental overwrite file (for example, forget perform ‘save as’). file corruption. shadow copy share folders provide end user-accessible tool restore document access point-in-time shadow copy document folders store network shares. local volume recovery support end user’s computer, example, supported. network file share must volume shadow copy service enable windows server 2003-based computer. shadow copy share folders transparent end users store file network file server. end user need replace lose damage file prior version activate client user interface (ui) windows explorer. shadow copy share folders also enable users see network folder content specific point time. shadow copy share folders shadow copy share folders help end users: recover file without assistance help desk. recover file save use “saved as” command. recover file corrupt recover file recovery capabilities windows xp professional microsoft office xp. shadow copy share folders create safety net end users provide easily shadow copy share folders create safety net end users provide easily readily available previous version file. way, shadow copy share folders help end users to: manage files. fix mistake without rebuild file call help desk. save time money business. usage scenarios common scenario recover lose corrupt file request end user help desk find archive version. assume organization archive system place, request usually mean costly time-intensive search archive media, many instance tape back-up. situation create several problems: potential loss business agility revenue lose document time- context-sensitive. increase unproductive time end user. increase cost help desk support services. shadow copy share folders enable end users view content share folders exist specific point time, recover file themselves. eliminate administrators restore accidentally delete overwrite files, implement shadow copy share folders routine file recovery scenarios help to: reduce demand busy administrators; example, reduce restore-from-tape requests. reduce cost recover single multiple files. table 1 present summary end users, departments, organizations benefit implement shadow copy share folders. table 1: benefit use shadow copy share folders benefit end user department company save lose time rebuild file empower users manage file save critical data information save money avoid data loss avoid loss revenue retain critical data reduce end users’ dependence administrators  internal use shadow copy microsoft microsoft enable users redirect document folders centralize work group file servers. user accidentally delete overwrite file request file restored, process require one three days, three escalations, backup restore group restore file. microsoft corporate restoration team get approximately 75 restore request per month, 90 percent data store within past month. microsoft experience show approximately one 10 restore require recovery tape. microsoft operations technology group (otg) estimate restoration cost approximately $300 support escalation costs, plus lose end user productivity restoration take place. decrease cost associate restore file increase user satisfaction, otg enable shadow copy otg windows server 2003 file servers. otg pilot program otg pilot program otg engage three-month pilot program use 55 servers, include 40 file servers use either file share distribute file system, 10 internet information service (iis) web servers, three sql server computers, cluster file servers configure storage area network (san). program, otg determine default settings schedule storage volume provide approximately month previous versions, part shadow copy make weekends. user contact support group file restored, support group provide copy shadow copy share folders client software user. user require approximately five minutes install software, another five minutes restore file. result, average end user able restore file 10 minutes, instead one three days. customer satisfaction otg find high level customer satisfaction, evidence follow end user testimonials: “i say shadow copy share folders one coolest feature ever seen! work flawlessly! thanks!” “worked like charm. hero foreseeable future.” addition, praise administrators within otg indicate importance shadow copy share folders administrators: “the best new feature windows server 2003.” “extremely easy enable setup.” configuration metrics servers use shadow copy share folders follow explain configuration otg servers shadow copy share folders enabled: hard drives. drive enable shadow copy except c drive operate system. c drive constrain space page files. diff area allocation. default setup allow 10 percent drive space allocation. allocation make 1 gigabyte (gb) increments disk constrained, example, less 10 percent disk available. shadow copy schedule. default schedule twice daily restorations (0700 1200) used. follow metrics 50 servers present example otg use shadow copies. server use 30 gigabytes (gb), 10 percent drive space 300 gb file server run windows server 2003. shadow copy disk: average space use per shadow copy 40 megabytes (mb). space use shadow copies: average 2 gb per drive (a maximum 3.1 gb). 102 gb use diff area 542 gb content 1.43-terabyte drive. percentage disk use diff area: average seven percent per disk use diff area; maximum nine percent. relationship diff area data 20 percent. number shadow copies: average 48.5, minimum four, maximum 64. approximately four weeks shadow copy available end users. summary, shadow copy provide microsoft compel alternative file restoration summary, shadow copy provide microsoft compel alternative file restoration otg. table 2 present summary benefits. table 2: microsoft otg restore compare file restoration use shadow copy metric shadow copy shadow copy number restore request 20 30 per month 1 2 per month time cost 3 7 days second $300 per restore (plus time lost) cost “unused” disk space escalations multi-tiered escalation require view restore cannot view file restore versions available view setup servers end user access previous versions file ensure enable shadow copy feature, provide point-in-time copy file store general purpose file servers run windows server 2003. enable shadow copy reduce administrative burden restore previously back file users accidentally delete overwrite important files. shadow copy feature work open close files, shadow copy take even file use. section describe key components design shadow copy strategy, present high-level discussion considerations set shadow copy share folders windows server 2003. shadow copy work shadow copy feature windows server 2003 work make block-level copy change occur file since last shadow copy. change copied, entire file. result, previous versions file usually take much disk space current file, although amount disk space use change vary, depend application change file. example, applications rewrite entire file change made, applications add change exist file. entire file rewrite disk, shadow copy contain entire file. therefore, consider type applications organization, well frequency number updates, determine much disk space allocate shadow copies. important: shadow copy eliminate need perform regular backups, shadow copy provide protection media failure. addition, shadow copy permanent. new shadow copy taken, old shadow copy purge size shadow copy reach configurable maximum, number shadow copy reach 64, whichever sooner. therefore, shadow copy might present long end users expect be. end user need expectations consider shadow copy configured. design shadow copy strategy shadow copy strategy consist make four key decisions setup initiate server client user interface make available end users. decisions involve following: source files—from volume shadow copy taken disk space—how much disk space allocate shadow copies location copies—will separate disk use store shadow copies schedule—how frequently shadow copy made decisions must make proceed server setup. try set server decisions must make proceed server setup. try set server make decisions create unnecessary work, possibly impede proper setup subsequent use service. determine volume take shadow copy shadow copy take complete volume, specific directory, shadow copy work best server store user files, documents, spreadsheets, presentations, graphics, database files. shadow copy use provide access previous versions application e-mail databases. shadow copy design volumes store user data home directories document folders redirect use group policy share folders users store data. shadow copy work compress encrypt file retain whatever permissions set file shadow copy taken. example, user deny permission read file, user would able restore previous version file, able read file restored. although shadow copy take entire volume, users must use share folders access shadow copies. administrators local server must also specify \\servername\sharename path access shadow copies. administrators end users want access previous version file reside share folder, administrator must first share folder. shadow copy available ntfs, fat volumes. file folders record use shadow copy appear static, even though original data changing. allocate disk space shadow copy shadow copy enable volume, maximum amount volume space use shadow copy specified. default limit 10 percent source volume (the volume copied). limit volumes users frequently change file increased. also, note set limit low cause oldest shadow copy delete frequently, defeat purpose shadow copy frustrate users. frequency change file greater amount space allocate store shadow copies, shadow copy created. therefore, administrators carefully consider amount disk space want set aside shadow copies, keep mind user expectations many versions want available. end users might expect single shadow copy available, might expect three days three weeks worth shadow copies. shadow copy users expect, storage space administrators must allocate store them. set limit low also affect backup backup program use shadow copy technology program also limit use amount disk space specify administrators. important point administrators understand amount disk space allocate shadow copy depend frequently data change rather much data stored. performance counter available windows server 2003 resource kit help monitor amount shadow copy space use percentage space allocated. important regardless volume space allocate shadow copies, maximum 64 shadow copy volume. 65th shadow copy taken, oldest shadow copy purged. determine disk use store shadow copy store shadow copy another volume file server, volume dedicate separate disks. example, user file store h:\, another volume s:\ use store shadow copies. use separate volume separate disk provide better performance recommend heavily use file servers. separate volume use storage area (where shadow copy stored), maximum size change limit reflect space available storage area volume instead source volume (where user file stored). disk space shadow copy allocate either volume source file different volume. is, however, tradeoff ease use maintenance versus performance reliability system administrator must consider. example, keep shadow copy volume, although potential gain ease setup maintenance, may reduction performance reliability. determine volume shadow copy store much effective use resources end user convenience. every organization different decision criteria. decisions make assignment volume location store shadow copies. important: shadow copy store volume user files, note burst disk input/output (i/o) cause shadow copy deleted. sudden deletion shadow copy unacceptable administrators end users, best use separate volume separate disk store shadow copies. decide create shadow copy frequently shadow copy created, likely end users get version want. however, maximum 64 shadow copy per volume, tradeoff frequency make shadow copy amount time earlier file available. necessary create shadow copy frequently (once every two hours example), would relatively short period—128 hours approximately five days—during end user could retrieve latest version file. shadow copy (that first 64 shadow copy oldest automatically purged) must available longer periods, time shadow copy must extended. default, windows server 2003 create shadow copy 0700 1200, monday friday. however, settings easily modify administrator shadow copy schedule better accommodate end user needs. important keep mind shadow copy created, disk space shadow copy consume, especially file change frequently. detail server setup, refer microsoft windows server 2003 deployment kit. detail operations maintenance shadow copy share folders, refer microsoft windows server 2003 resource kit. (urls kit find relate link section end paper.) setup clients section describe key components set shadow copy share folders service client computers. client user interface work shadow copy access computers run windows server 2003, shadow copy share folders native function. shadow copy also access computers run windows xp professional, windows 2000 server, windows 2000 professional, windows run windows xp professional, windows 2000 server, windows 2000 professional, windows 98 shadow copy share folders client installed. shadow copy share folders client pack install previous versions tab properties dialog box file folders network shares. users access shadow copy windows explorer select one three options—view, copy, restore, locate newly instal previous versions tab. figure 2 show previous versions tab properties dialog box look end user. view consistent file folders. ui consistent support client operate systems. figure 2. previous versions tab properties dialog box users view network folder host server run windows server 2003, ask see old versions file directory. view properties file folder present users folder file history—a list read-only, point-in-time copy file folder content folder file history—a list read-only, point-in-time copy file folder content users open explore like file folder. users view file folder history, copy file folder history, on. client ui setup end user setup client ui simple instal kind simple application plug-in. shadow copy access computers shadow copy share folders client software (twcli32.msi) installed. windows server 2003, shadow copy share folders work default. windows xp professional, code available windows server 2003 cd %windir%\system32\clients\twclient\x86. install file manually clients deploy file use software distribution component group policy. information software distribution, see “deploying manage software environment” “designing manage environment” windows server 2003 deployment kit, available microsoft windows resource kit web site http://www.microsoft.com/windows/reskits/. client computers run windows xp professional, windows xp home, windows 2000 server (sp3 above), windows 2000 professional, windows 98 also access shadow copy shadow copy share folders client software installed. file available april 23, 2003, http://www.microsoft.com/windowsserver2003/downloads/shadowcopyclient.mspx. note operate systems yet deploy client computers, one computers users use restore previous versions file deployed. better end users perform self-service downloads, file size client 290 kb. download time vary depend upon speed end users connect network computer host client file. end users advise accordingly. client computers run windows nt® server version 4.0, windows nt workstation version 4.0, windows millennium edition support time. recovery file folders three fundamental situations end users find one time another use computers. scenarios include: accidental file deletion, common situation. accidental file replacement, occur example, users forget use save as. file corruption. possible recover scenarios access shadow copies. process little different access file compare access folder. important end users notify regard frequently shadow copy select volume made. end users also make aware maximum 64 shadow copies, earliest copy purged. recover delete file recover delete file, use follow procedure: navigate folder delete file stored. position cursor blank space folder. cursor hover file, file selected. right-click mouse select properties bottom menu. select previous versions tab. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 1. 2. 3. versions tab. select version folder contain file deleted, click view. view folder select file recovered. drag drop, cut paste, shadow copy desktop folder end user’s local machine. figure 3 show end users select specific file within folder restore. figure 3.selecting specific file within folders recover overwrite corrupt file recover overwrite corrupt file easier recover delete file file right-clicked instead folder. recover overwrite corrupt file use follow procedure: right-click overwrite corrupt file click properties. select previous versions. want view old version, click view. copy old version another location, click copy... replace current version older version, click restore. recover folder 1. 2. 3. 4. recover folder recover folder use follow procedure: position cursor blank space folder recovered. cursor hover file, file selected. right-click mouse, select properties bottom menu, then, click previous versions tab. choose either copy restore. choose restore enable user recover everything folder well subfolders. select restore delete files. summary shadow copy share folders provide end user-accessible tool restore document access point-in-time shadow copy document folders store network shares. present low-cost way end users recover many file relate accidents cause human error, accidentally deleting, corrupting, edit file. shadow copy share folders example windows server 2003, intelligent file print service deliver value directly end user desk top also help lower total cost ownership (tco) department. relate link see follow resources information: shadow copy share folders: frequently ask question www.microsoft.com/ windowsserver2003/techinfo/overview/scrfaq view animate demonstration volume shadow copy service www.microsoft.com/windowsserver2003/evaluation/demos/default information windows server 2003 deployment kit microsoft windows server 2003 resource kit, go microsoft windows resource kit web site www.microsoft.com/windows/reskits/. latest information windows server 2003, see windows server 2003 web site www.microsoft.com/windowsserver2003.","Introduction to Shadow Copies of Shared Folders Introduction to Shadow Copies of Shared Folders   Monday, June 24, 2013 9:01 AM Microsoft Corporation Published: March 2003 Abstract A component of the intelligent file storage technologies in Microsoft® Windows® Server 2003, Shadow Copies of  Shared Folders provides an end user-accessible means to recover from accidental document deletion or  inadvertent document revisions by accessing point-in-time copies of documents and folders. This white paper, written for IT architects and system administrators, describes the functionality of Shadow  Copies of Shared Folders the fundamentals of how to design a shadow copy strategy, and the basic steps for  setting up and using Shadow Copies of Shared Folders on both servers and clients.  This is a preliminary document and may be changed substantially prior to  final commercial release of the software described herein. The information contained in this document represents the current view of  Microsoft Corporation on the issues discussed as of the date of  publication. Because Microsoft must respond to changing market  conditions, it should not be interpreted to be a commitment on the part of  Microsoft, and Microsoft cannot guarantee the accuracy of any       Microsoft, and Microsoft cannot guarantee the accuracy of any  information presented after the date of publication. This document is for informational purposes only. MICROSOFT MAKES  NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE  INFORMATION IN THIS DOCUMENT. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of the  user. Without limiting the rights under copyright, no part of this document  may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or  transmitted in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical,  photocopying, recording, or otherwise), or for any purpose, without the  express written permission of Microsoft Corporation.  Microsoft may have patents, patent applications, trademarks, copyrights,  or other intellectual property rights covering subject matter in this  document. Except as expressly provided in any written license agreement  from Microsoft, the furnishing of this document does not give you any  license to these patents, trademarks, copyrights, or other intellectual  property. © 2003 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Microsoft, Windows, the Windows logo, Windows NT, and Windows  Server are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft  Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. Contents Introduction Client Usage Scenarios What Shadow Copies of Shared Folders Can Do IT Usage Scenarios Table 1: Benefits of Using Shadow Copies of Shared Folders Internal Use of Shadow Copy at Microsoft OTG Pilot Program Customer Satisfaction Configuration and Metrics for Servers Using Shadow Copies of Shared Folders Table 2: Microsoft OTG Restore Compared to File Restoration Using Shadow Copies Setup for Servers How Shadow Copy Works Designing a Shadow Copy Strategy Determining the Volume from Which to Take a Shadow Copy Allocating Disk Space for Shadow Copies Determining Which Disk to Use to Store Shadow Copies Deciding When to Create Shadow Copies Setup for Clients How the Client User Interface Works Client UI Setup Recovery of Files or Folders Recovering a Deleted File Recovering an Overwritten or Corrupted File Recovering a Folder      Summary Related Links Introduction In today’s fast-paced, information-rich work environment, the impact of lost data on business is often  overlooked.  Studies have shown that human error— primarily accidental file deletion or modification—causes over  one-third of all data loss. For the average business, whether a small, medium, or enterprise  organization, the impact of lost data is at the least an inconvenience and at the worst a critical blow  that can jeopardize daily operations. Microsoft® Windows Server™ 2003 includes Shadow Copies of Shared Folders to help prevent  inadvertent loss of data.  Shadow copies are a low-cost way to recover from many file-related accidents caused by human  error, such as accidentally deleting, corrupting, or editing a file.  Shadow Copies of Shared Folders helps alleviate data loss by creating shadow copies of files or  folders that are stored on network file shares at pre-determined time intervals. In essence, a shadow  copy is a previous version of the file or folder at a specific point in time.  Figure 1 shows the ease with which an end user can access shadow copies by using the familiar  Windows Explorer interface.       Figure 1. Windows Explorer window showing Shadow Copies of Shared Folders  By using shadow copies, a Windows Server 2003-based file server can efficiently and transparently  maintain a set of previous versions of all files on the selected volumes. End users access the file or  folder by using a separate client add-on program, which enables them to view the file in Windows  Explorer. The client program, which is included on the Windows Server 2003 CD, integrates  seamlessly with the client PC and enables the user to view the previous version of the file.  Shadow copies cannot replace the current backup, archive or business recovery system, but they can  help to simplify restore procedures.  For example, shadow copies cannot protect against data loss due to media failures. However,  recovering data from shadow copies should reduce the number of times needed to restore data from  tape. It is wise for all organizations, regardless of their size or complexity to implement archive or  business recovery systems as part of their backup or data recovery strategy. Shadow copies are not intended to be used for document version control. Rather, they are point-in- time copies, which are created on a scheduled basis. For document version control, please read  about Windows SharePoint™ Team Services. Client Usage Scenarios Shadow copy usage scenarios for both client and IT administrators are relatively straightforward.  Three common scenarios of data loss due to human error are: Accidental file deletions. Accidental overwrites of a file (for example, forgot to perform ‘Save as’). File corruption. Shadow Copies of Shared Folders provides an end user-accessible tool that restores documents by  accessing point-in-time shadow copies of documents and folders stored on network shares. Local  volume recovery support of an end user’s computer, for example, is not supported. The network file  share must have the Volume Shadow Copy service enabled on a Windows Server 2003-based  computer. Shadow Copies of Shared Folders is transparent to end users when they store files on the network  file server. Only when an end user needs to replace a lost or damaged file with a prior version will  they activate the client user interface (UI) through Windows Explorer. Shadow Copies of Shared  Folders also enables users to see network folder contents at specific points in time.  What Shadow Copies of Shared Folders Can Do Shadow Copies of Shared Folders helps end users: Recover files without assistance from the help desk. Recover files that were not saved using the “Saved as” command. Recover files that were corrupted and not recovered with the file recovery capabilities of  Windows XP Professional or Microsoft Office XP. Shadow Copies of Shared Folders creates a safety net for end users by providing an easily and       Shadow Copies of Shared Folders creates a safety net for end users by providing an easily and  readily available previous version of a file. In this way, Shadow Copies of Shared Folders helps end  users to: Manage their own files. Fix mistakes without rebuilding the file or calling the help desk. Save time and money for the business. IT Usage Scenarios The most common scenario for recovering lost or corrupted files is a request by the end user to the IT  help desk to find an archived version. Assuming that the organization has an archiving system in  place, this request usually means a costly and time-intensive search of archived media, which in  many instances is a tape back-up.  This situation creates several problems: Potential loss of business agility or revenue if the lost document is time- or context-sensitive. Increased unproductive time for end user. Increased cost to help desk and IT support services. Shadow Copies of Shared Folders enables end users to view the contents of shared folders as they  existed at specific points in time, and recover those files by themselves. This eliminates  administrators having to restore accidentally deleted or overwritten files, Implementing Shadow Copies of Shared Folders for routine file recovery scenarios can help to: Reduce demand on busy administrators; for example, by reducing restore-from-tape requests. Reduce the cost of recovering single or multiple files. Table 1 below presents a summary of how end users, IT departments, and organizations can benefit  by implementing Shadow Copies of Shared Folders. Table 1: Benefits of Using Shadow Copies of Shared Folders  Benefit End User IT Department Company Saves lost time by not having to rebuild file Empowers users to manage their own files Saves critical data and information Saves money by avoiding data loss Avoids loss of revenue by retaining critical data Reduces end users’ dependence on IT administrators  Internal Use of Shadow Copy at Microsoft Microsoft enables users to redirect their My Documents folders to centralized work group file servers.  When a user accidentally deletes or overwrites a file and requests that the file be restored, the  process requires between one and three days, and up to three escalations, before the backup and  restore group can restore a file.  The Microsoft corporate restoration team gets approximately 75 restore requests per month, 90  percent of which are for data stored within the past month. Microsoft experience shows that  approximately one out of 10 restores require recovery from tape. The Microsoft Operations  Technology Group (OTG) estimates that each restoration costs approximately $300 for support and  escalation costs, plus lost end user productivity while the restoration takes place.  To decrease the cost associated with restoring files and increase user satisfaction, OTG enabled  shadow copies on the OTG Windows Server 2003 file servers.  OTG Pilot Program      OTG Pilot Program OTG engaged in a three-month pilot program that used 55 servers, which included 40 file servers that  used either file sharing or Distributed File System, 10 Internet Information Services (IIS) Web servers,  three SQL Server computers, and a cluster of file servers configured in a storage area network (SAN).  During this program, OTG determined that the default settings for the schedule and storage volume  provided approximately a month of previous versions, in part because shadow copies were not made  on weekends.  When a user contacted the support group to have a file restored, the support group provided a copy  of the Shadow Copies of Shared Folders client software to the user. The user required approximately  five minutes to install the software, and another five minutes to restore the file. As a result, the  average end user was able to restore a file in 10 minutes, instead of one to three days. Customer Satisfaction OTG found a high level of customer satisfaction, as evidenced by the following end user testimonials: “I have to say that Shadow Copies of Shared Folders is one of the coolest features I have ever  seen! It worked flawlessly! Thanks!” “Worked like a charm. You are my hero for the foreseeable future.” In addition, praise from administrators within OTG indicates the importance of Shadow Copies of  Shared Folders to IT administrators: “The best new feature in Windows Server 2003.” “Extremely easy to enable and setup.” Configuration and Metrics for Servers Using Shadow Copies of Shared Folders  The following explains the configuration of the OTG servers on which Shadow Copies of Shared  Folders was enabled: Hard drives. All drives were enabled for shadow copies except the C drive on the operating  system. The C drive was constrained for space for page files. Diff Area allocation. The default setup allows for a 10 percent drive space allocation. This  allocation was made in 1 gigabyte (GB) increments if the disk was constrained, for example, if  less than 10 percent of the disk was available. Shadow copy schedule. A default schedule of twice daily restorations (0700 and 1200) was  used.  The following metrics for 50 servers present an example of how OTG used shadow copies. Each  server used 30 gigabytes (GB), or 10 percent of the drive space of a 300 GB file server running  Windows Server 2003. Shadow copy disk: The average space used per shadow copy was 40 megabytes (MB). Space used for shadow copies: An average of 2 GB per drive (a maximum of 3.1 GB). 102 GB used in Diff Area with 542 GB of content on a 1.43-terabyte drive. Percentage of disk used by Diff Area: An average of seven percent per disk used for Diff Area; a maximum of nine percent. Relationship between Diff Area and data is 20 percent. Number of shadow copies: An average of 48.5, a minimum of four, and a maximum of 64. Approximately four weeks of shadow copies were available for end users. In summary, shadow copies provided Microsoft with a compelling alternative to file restoration by       In summary, shadow copies provided Microsoft with a compelling alternative to file restoration by  OTG. Table 2 presents a summary of those benefits. Table 2: Microsoft OTG Restore Compared to File Restoration Using Shadow Copies Metric Before Shadow Copies After Shadow Copies Number of restore requests 20 to 30 per month 1 to 2 per month Time Cost 3 to 7 days Seconds $300 per restore (plus time lost) Cost of “unused” disk space Escalations Multi-tiered No escalation required View before restore Cannot view file before restoring All versions available for viewing Setup for Servers End user access to previous versions of files can be ensured by enabling the shadow copy feature,  which provides point-in-time copies of files stored on general purpose file servers running  Windows Server 2003.  Enabling shadow copies can reduce the administrative burden of restoring previously backed up files  for users who accidentally delete or overwrite important files. The shadow copy feature works for both  open and closed files, so shadow copies can be taken even when files are in use. This section describes the key components for designing a shadow copy strategy, and presents a  high-level discussion of considerations for setting up Shadow Copies of Shared Folders in Windows  Server 2003. How Shadow Copy Works The shadow copy feature in Windows Server 2003 works by making a block-level copy of any  changes that have occurred to files since the last shadow copy. Only the changes are copied, not the  entire file.  As a result, previous versions of files do not usually take up as much disk space as the current file,  although the amount of disk space used for changes can vary, depending on the application that  changed the file.  For example, some applications rewrite the entire file when a change is made, but other applications  add changes to the existing file. If the entire file is rewritten to disk, then the shadow copy contains the  entire file. Therefore, consider the type of applications in your organization, as well as the frequency  and number of updates, when you determine how much disk space to allocate for shadow copies. Important: Shadow copies do not eliminate the need to perform regular backups, nor do shadow  copies provide protection from media failure. In addition, shadow copies are not permanent. As new  shadow copies are taken, old shadow copies are purged when the size of all shadow copies reaches  a configurable maximum, or when the number of shadow copies reaches 64, whichever is sooner.  Therefore, shadow copies might not be present for as long as end users expect them to be. End user  needs and expectations should be considered when shadow copies are configured. Designing a Shadow Copy Strategy A shadow copy strategy consists of making four key decisions before setup is initiated on the server  and the client user interface is made available to end users. These decisions involve the following: Source files—From what volume will shadow copies be taken?  Disk space—How much disk space should be allocated for shadow copies? Location of copies—Will separate disks be used to store shadow copies? Schedule—How frequently will shadow copies be made? These decisions must be made before proceeding to server setup. Trying to set up the server before       These decisions must be made before proceeding to server setup. Trying to set up the server before  making these decisions will create unnecessary work, and possibly impede the proper setup and  subsequent use of the service. Determining the Volume from Which to Take a Shadow Copy Shadow copies are taken for a complete volume, but not for a specific directory, Shadow copies work  best when the server stores user files, such as documents, spreadsheets, presentations, graphics, or  database files. Shadow copies should not be used to provide access to previous versions of  application or e-mail databases. Shadow copies are designed for volumes that store user data such as home directories and My  Documents folders that are redirected by using Group Policy or other shared folders in which users  store data.  Shadow copies work with compressed or encrypted files and retain whatever permissions were set on  the files when the shadow copies were taken. For example, if a user is denied permission to read a  file, that user would not be able to restore a previous version of the file, or be able to read the file after  it has been restored. Although shadow copies are taken for an entire volume, users must use shared folders to access  shadow copies. Administrators on the local server must also specify the \\servername\sharename path to access shadow copies. If administrators or end users want to access a previous version of a  file that does not reside in a shared folder, the administrator must first share the folder. Shadow copies are available only on NTFS, not FAT volumes. Files or folders that are recorded by using shadow copy appear static, even though the original data is  changing. Allocating Disk Space for Shadow Copies When shadow copies are enabled on a volume, the maximum amount of volume space to be used for  the shadow copies can be specified. The default limit is 10 percent of the source volume (the volume  being copied). The limit for volumes in which users frequently change files should be increased. Also,  note that setting the limit too low causes the oldest shadow copies to be deleted frequently, which  defeats the purpose of shadow copies and frustrates users.  If the frequency of changes to each file is greater than the amount of space allocated to storing  shadow copies, then no shadow copy is created. Therefore, administrators should carefully consider  the amount of disk space they want to set aside for shadow copies, and keep in mind user  expectations of how many versions they will want to have available. End users might expect only a  single shadow copy to be available, or they might expect three days or three weeks worth of shadow  copies. The more shadow copies users expect, the more storage space administrators must allocate  for storing them. Setting the limit too low also affects Backup and other backup programs that use shadow copy  technology because these programs are also limited to using the amount of disk space specified by  administrators. The important point for administrators to understand is that the amount of disk space allocated for  shadow copies depends on how frequently that data changes rather than how much data is being  stored. Performance counters are available in the Windows Server 2003 Resource Kit to help monitor the  amount of shadow copy space used as a percentage of the space allocated. Important Regardless of the volume space that is allocated for shadow copies, there is a maximum  of 64 shadow copies for any volume. When the 65th shadow copy is taken, the oldest shadow copy is  purged. Determining Which Disk to Use to Store Shadow Copies      To store the shadow copies of another volume on the same file server, a volume can be dedicated on  separate disks. For example, if user files are stored on H:\, another volume such as S:\ can be used  to store the shadow copies. Using a separate volume on separate disks provides better performance  and is recommended for heavily used file servers.  If a separate volume will be used for the storage area (where shadow copies are stored), the  maximum size should be changed to No Limit to reflect the space available on the storage area  volume instead of the source volume (where the user files are stored). Disk space for shadow copies can be allocated on either the same volume as the source files or a  different volume. There is, however, a tradeoff between ease of use and maintenance versus  performance and reliability that the system administrator must consider.  For example, by keeping the shadow copy on the same volume, although there is a potential gain in  ease of setup and maintenance, there may be a reduction in performance and reliability. Determining on which volume shadow copies are stored is as much about effective use of IT  resources as it is about end user convenience. Every organization has different decision criteria.  These decisions should be made before assignment of the volume location for storing shadow copies. Important: If shadow copies are stored on the same volume as the user files, note that a burst of disk  input/output (I/O) can cause all shadow copies to be deleted. If the sudden deletion of shadow copies  is unacceptable to administrators or end users, it is best to use a separate volume on separate disks  to store shadow copies. Deciding When to Create Shadow Copies The more frequently shadow copies are created, the more likely that end users will get the version  that they want. However, with a maximum of 64 shadow copies per volume, there is a tradeoff  between the frequency of making shadow copies and the amount of time that the earlier files will be  available. If it is necessary to create shadow copies frequently (once every two hours for example), you would  have a relatively short period—128 hours or approximately five days—during which an end user could  retrieve the latest version of a file. If shadow copies (that is the first of the 64 shadow copies before  the oldest is automatically purged) must be available for longer periods, then the time between  shadow copies must be extended.  By default, Windows Server 2003 creates shadow copies at 0700 and 1200, Monday through Friday.  However, these settings are easily modified by the administrator so that the shadow copy schedule  can better accommodate end user needs.  Important Keep in mind that the more shadow copies are created, the more disk space the shadow  copies can consume, especially if files change frequently.  For details about server setup, refer to the Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Deployment Kit. For  details about operations and maintenance of Shadow Copies of Shared Folders, refer to the Microsoft  Windows Server 2003 Resource Kit. (URLs for both kits can be found in the Related Links section at  the end of this paper.) Setup for Clients This section describes the key components for setting up Shadow Copies of Shared Folders services  on client computers. How the Client User Interface Works Shadow copies can be accessed by computers running Windows Server 2003, on which Shadow  Copies of Shared Folders is a native function. Shadow copies can also be accessed by computers  running Windows XP Professional, Windows 2000 Server, Windows 2000 Professional, and Windows       running Windows XP Professional, Windows 2000 Server, Windows 2000 Professional, and Windows  98 on which the Shadow Copies of Shared Folders client has been installed. The Shadow Copies of Shared Folders client pack installs a Previous Versions tab in the Properties  dialog box of files and folders on network shares. Users access shadow copies with Windows Explorer and by selecting one of three options—View,  Copy, or Restore, which are located on the newly installed Previous Versions tab. Figure 2 shows how the Previous Versions tab in the Properties dialog box looks to the end user.  This view is consistent for both files and folders. The UI is consistent in all supported client operating  systems. Figure 2. Previous Versions tab in the Properties dialog box When users view a network folder hosted on a server running Windows Server 2003, they can ask to  see all old versions of a file or directory. Viewing the properties of the file or folder will present users  with the folder or file history—a list of read-only, point-in-time copies of the file or folder contents that       with the folder or file history—a list of read-only, point-in-time copies of the file or folder contents that  users can then open and explore like any other file or folder. Users can view files in the folder history,  copy files from the folder history, and so on. Client UI Setup End user setup of the client UI is as simple as installing any kind of simple application plug-in. Shadow copies can be accessed only by computers on which the Shadow Copies of Shared Folders  client software (Twcli32.msi) has been installed. For Windows Server 2003, Shadow Copies of  Shared Folders works by default. For Windows XP Professional, the code is available on the  Windows Server 2003 CD at %Windir%\System32\Clients\Twclient\X86.  You can install this file manually on clients or deploy the file by using the software distribution  component of Group Policy. For more information about software distribution, see “Deploying a  Managed Software Environment” in “Designing a Managed Environment” in the Windows Server 2003  Deployment Kit, which is available from the Microsoft Windows Resource Kits Web site at  http://www.microsoft.com/windows/reskits/. Client computers running Windows XP Professional, Windows XP Home, Windows 2000 Server (SP3  and above), and Windows 2000 Professional, and Windows 98 can also access shadow copies after  the Shadow Copies of Shared Folders client software has been installed. This file will be available  after April 23, 2003, at  http://www.microsoft.com/windowsserver2003/downloads/shadowcopyclient.mspx. Note If these operating systems have not yet been deployed on client computers, one or more  computers that users can use to restore previous versions of files can be deployed. If it is better to  have end users perform self-service downloads, the file size of the client is 290 KB. Download time  will vary depending upon the speed at which end users connect to the network or computer hosting  the client file. End users should be advised accordingly. Client computers running Windows NT® Server version 4.0, Windows NT Workstation version 4.0, or  Windows Millennium Edition are not supported at this time.  Recovery of Files or Folders There are three fundamental situations in which most end users find themselves at one time or  another when they use their computers. These scenarios include: Accidental file deletion, the most common situation. Accidental file replacement, which occurs for example, when users forget to use Save As. File corruption. It is possible to recover from all of these scenarios by accessing shadow copies. The process is a little  different when accessing a file compared to accessing a folder. Important End users should be notified regarding how frequently shadow copies of the selected  volume will be made. End users should also be made aware that there is a maximum of 64 shadow  copies, after which the earliest copy is purged. Recovering a Deleted File To recover a deleted file, use the following procedure:  Navigate to the folder in which the deleted file had been stored. Position the cursor over a blank space in the folder. If the cursor hovers over a file, that file will be  selected. Right-click the mouse and select Properties from the bottom of the menu. Select the Previous  Versions tab. 1. 2. 3.     4. 5. 6. 1. 2. 3. Versions tab. Select the version of the folder that contains the file before it was deleted, and then click View. View the folder and select the file that will be recovered. Drag and drop, or cut and paste, the shadow copy to the desktop or folder on the end user’s local  machine. Figure 3 shows how end users can select a specific file within a folder to restore. Figure 3.Selecting specific files within folders Recovering an Overwritten or Corrupted File Recovering an overwritten or corrupted file is easier than recovering a deleted file because the file  itself can be right-clicked instead of the folder. To recover an overwritten or corrupted file use the  following procedure: Right-click the overwritten or corrupted file and click Properties. Select Previous Versions. If you want to view the old version, click View. To copy the old version to another location, click  Copy... To replace the current version with the older version, click Restore. Recovering a Folder     1. 2. 3. 4. Recovering a Folder To recover a folder use the following procedure: Position the cursor so that it is over a blank space in the folder that will be recovered. If the cursor  hovers over a file, that file will be selected. Right-click the mouse, select Properties from the bottom of the menu, and then, click the Previous  Versions tab. Choose either Copy or Restore. Choosing Restore enables the user to recover everything in that folder as well as all subfolders.  Selecting Restore will not delete any files. Summary Shadow Copies of Shared Folders provides an end user-accessible tool that restores documents by  accessing point-in-time shadow copies of documents and folders stored on network shares. It presents a low-cost way for end users to recover from many file related accidents caused by human  error, such as accidentally deleting, corrupting, or editing a file.  Shadow Copies of Shared Folders is an example of how Windows Server 2003, intelligent file and  print services deliver value directly to the end user at the desk top and also help to lower total cost of  ownership (TCO) for the IT department. Related Links See the following resources for further information: Shadow Copies of Shared Folders: Frequently Asked Questions at  www.microsoft.com/ windowsserver2003/techinfo/overview/scrfaq View an animated demonstration of Volume Shadow Copy Service at  www.microsoft.com/windowsserver2003/evaluation/demos/default For information on the Windows Server 2003 Deployment Kit and the Microsoft Windows Server 2003  Resource Kit, go to the Microsoft Windows Resource Kits Web site at  www.microsoft.com/windows/reskits/. For the latest information about Windows Server 2003, see the Windows Server 2003 Web site at  www.microsoft.com/windowsserver2003.    ","introduction shadow copy share folders introduction shadow copy share folders monday, june 24, 2013 9:01 microsoft corporation published: march 2003 abstract component intelligent file storage technologies microsoft® windows® server 2003, shadow copy share folders provide end user-accessible mean recover accidental document deletion inadvertent document revisions access point-in-time copy document folders. white paper, write architects system administrators, describe functionality shadow copy share folders fundamentals design shadow copy strategy, basic step set use shadow copy share folders servers clients. preliminary document may change substantially prior final commercial release software describe herein. information contain document represent current view microsoft corporation issue discuss date publication. microsoft must respond change market conditions, interpret commitment part microsoft, microsoft cannot guarantee accuracy microsoft, microsoft cannot guarantee accuracy information present date publication. document informational purpose only. microsoft make warranties, express implied, information document. comply applicable copyright laws responsibility user. without limit right copyright, part document may reproduced, store introduce retrieval system, transmit form mean (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, otherwise), purpose, without express write permission microsoft corporation. microsoft may patents, patent applications, trademarks, copyrights, intellectual property right cover subject matter document. except expressly provide write license agreement microsoft, furnish document give license patents, trademarks, copyrights, intellectual property. © 2003 microsoft corporation. right reserved. microsoft, windows, windows logo, windows nt, windows server either register trademark trademark microsoft corporation unite state and/or countries. content introduction client usage scenarios shadow copy share folders usage scenarios table 1: benefit use shadow copy share folders internal use shadow copy microsoft otg pilot program customer satisfaction configuration metrics servers use shadow copy share folders table 2: microsoft otg restore compare file restoration use shadow copy setup servers shadow copy work design shadow copy strategy determine volume take shadow copy allocate disk space shadow copy determine disk use store shadow copy decide create shadow copy setup clients client user interface work client ui setup recovery file folders recover delete file recover overwrite corrupt file recover folder summary relate link introduction today’s fast-paced, information-rich work environment, impact lose data business often overlooked. study show human error— primarily accidental file deletion modification—causes one-third data loss. average business, whether small, medium, enterprise organization, impact lose data least inconvenience worst critical blow jeopardize daily operations. microsoft® windows server™ 2003 include shadow copy share folders help prevent inadvertent loss data. shadow copy low-cost way recover many file-related accidents cause human error, accidentally deleting, corrupting, edit file. shadow copy share folders help alleviate data loss create shadow copy file folders store network file share pre-determined time intervals. essence, shadow copy previous version file folder specific point time. figure 1 show ease end user access shadow copy use familiar windows explorer interface. figure 1. windows explorer window show shadow copy share folders use shadow copies, windows server 2003-based file server efficiently transparently maintain set previous versions file select volumes. end users access file folder use separate client add-on program, enable view file windows explorer. client program, include windows server 2003 cd, integrate seamlessly client pc enable user view previous version file. shadow copy cannot replace current backup, archive business recovery system, help simplify restore procedures. example, shadow copy cannot protect data loss due media failures. however, recover data shadow copy reduce number time need restore data tape. wise organizations, regardless size complexity implement archive business recovery systems part backup data recovery strategy. shadow copy intend use document version control. rather, point-in- time copies, create schedule basis. document version control, please read windows sharepoint™ team services. client usage scenarios shadow copy usage scenarios client administrators relatively straightforward. three common scenarios data loss due human error are: accidental file deletions. accidental overwrite file (for example, forget perform ‘save as’). file corruption. shadow copy share folders provide end user-accessible tool restore document access point-in-time shadow copy document folders store network shares. local volume recovery support end user’s computer, example, supported. network file share must volume shadow copy service enable windows server 2003-based computer. shadow copy share folders transparent end users store file network file server. end user need replace lose damage file prior version activate client user interface (ui) windows explorer. shadow copy share folders also enable users see network folder content specific point time. shadow copy share folders shadow copy share folders help end users: recover file without assistance help desk. recover file save use “saved as” command. recover file corrupt recover file recovery capabilities windows xp professional microsoft office xp. shadow copy share folders create safety net end users provide easily shadow copy share folders create safety net end users provide easily readily available previous version file. way, shadow copy share folders help end users to: manage files. fix mistake without rebuild file call help desk. save time money business. usage scenarios common scenario recover lose corrupt file request end user help desk find archive version. assume organization archive system place, request usually mean costly time-intensive search archive media, many instance tape back-up. situation create several problems: potential loss business agility revenue lose document time- context-sensitive. increase unproductive time end user. increase cost help desk support services. shadow copy share folders enable end users view content share folders exist specific point time, recover file themselves. eliminate administrators restore accidentally delete overwrite files, implement shadow copy share folders routine file recovery scenarios help to: reduce demand busy administrators; example, reduce restore-from-tape requests. reduce cost recover single multiple files. table 1 present summary end users, departments, organizations benefit implement shadow copy share folders. table 1: benefit use shadow copy share folders benefit end user department company save lose time rebuild file empower users manage file save critical data information save money avoid data loss avoid loss revenue retain critical data reduce end users’ dependence administrators  internal use shadow copy microsoft microsoft enable users redirect document folders centralize work group file servers. user accidentally delete overwrite file request file restored, process require one three days, three escalations, backup restore group restore file. microsoft corporate restoration team get approximately 75 restore request per month, 90 percent data store within past month. microsoft experience show approximately one 10 restore require recovery tape. microsoft operations technology group (otg) estimate restoration cost approximately $300 support escalation costs, plus lose end user productivity restoration take place. decrease cost associate restore file increase user satisfaction, otg enable shadow copy otg windows server 2003 file servers. otg pilot program otg pilot program otg engage three-month pilot program use 55 servers, include 40 file servers use either file share distribute file system, 10 internet information service (iis) web servers, three sql server computers, cluster file servers configure storage area network (san). program, otg determine default settings schedule storage volume provide approximately month previous versions, part shadow copy make weekends. user contact support group file restored, support group provide copy shadow copy share folders client software user. user require approximately five minutes install software, another five minutes restore file. result, average end user able restore file 10 minutes, instead one three days. customer satisfaction otg find high level customer satisfaction, evidence follow end user testimonials: “i say shadow copy share folders one coolest feature ever seen! work flawlessly! thanks!” “worked like charm. hero foreseeable future.” addition, praise administrators within otg indicate importance shadow copy share folders administrators: “the best new feature windows server 2003.” “extremely easy enable setup.” configuration metrics servers use shadow copy share folders follow explain configuration otg servers shadow copy share folders enabled: hard drives. drive enable shadow copy except c drive operate system. c drive constrain space page files. diff area allocation. default setup allow 10 percent drive space allocation. allocation make 1 gigabyte (gb) increments disk constrained, example, less 10 percent disk available. shadow copy schedule. default schedule twice daily restorations (0700 1200) used. follow metrics 50 servers present example otg use shadow copies. server use 30 gigabytes (gb), 10 percent drive space 300 gb file server run windows server 2003. shadow copy disk: average space use per shadow copy 40 megabytes (mb). space use shadow copies: average 2 gb per drive (a maximum 3.1 gb). 102 gb use diff area 542 gb content 1.43-terabyte drive. percentage disk use diff area: average seven percent per disk use diff area; maximum nine percent. relationship diff area data 20 percent. number shadow copies: average 48.5, minimum four, maximum 64. approximately four weeks shadow copy available end users. summary, shadow copy provide microsoft compel alternative file restoration summary, shadow copy provide microsoft compel alternative file restoration otg. table 2 present summary benefits. table 2: microsoft otg restore compare file restoration use shadow copy metric shadow copy shadow copy number restore request 20 30 per month 1 2 per month time cost 3 7 days second $300 per restore (plus time lost) cost “unused” disk space escalations multi-tiered escalation require view restore cannot view file restore versions available view setup servers end user access previous versions file ensure enable shadow copy feature, provide point-in-time copy file store general purpose file servers run windows server 2003. enable shadow copy reduce administrative burden restore previously back file users accidentally delete overwrite important files. shadow copy feature work open close files, shadow copy take even file use. section describe key components design shadow copy strategy, present high-level discussion considerations set shadow copy share folders windows server 2003. shadow copy work shadow copy feature windows server 2003 work make block-level copy change occur file since last shadow copy. change copied, entire file. result, previous versions file usually take much disk space current file, although amount disk space use change vary, depend application change file. example, applications rewrite entire file change made, applications add change exist file. entire file rewrite disk, shadow copy contain entire file. therefore, consider type applications organization, well frequency number updates, determine much disk space allocate shadow copies. important: shadow copy eliminate need perform regular backups, shadow copy provide protection media failure. addition, shadow copy permanent. new shadow copy taken, old shadow copy purge size shadow copy reach configurable maximum, number shadow copy reach 64, whichever sooner. therefore, shadow copy might present long end users expect be. end user need expectations consider shadow copy configured. design shadow copy strategy shadow copy strategy consist make four key decisions setup initiate server client user interface make available end users. decisions involve following: source files—from volume shadow copy taken disk space—how much disk space allocate shadow copies location copies—will separate disk use store shadow copies schedule—how frequently shadow copy made decisions must make proceed server setup. try set server decisions must make proceed server setup. try set server make decisions create unnecessary work, possibly impede proper setup subsequent use service. determine volume take shadow copy shadow copy take complete volume, specific directory, shadow copy work best server store user files, documents, spreadsheets, presentations, graphics, database files. shadow copy use provide access previous versions application e-mail databases. shadow copy design volumes store user data home directories document folders redirect use group policy share folders users store data. shadow copy work compress encrypt file retain whatever permissions set file shadow copy taken. example, user deny permission read file, user would able restore previous version file, able read file restored. although shadow copy take entire volume, users must use share folders access shadow copies. administrators local server must also specify \\servername\sharename path access shadow copies. administrators end users want access previous version file reside share folder, administrator must first share folder. shadow copy available ntfs, fat volumes. file folders record use shadow copy appear static, even though original data changing. allocate disk space shadow copy shadow copy enable volume, maximum amount volume space use shadow copy specified. default limit 10 percent source volume (the volume copied). limit volumes users frequently change file increased. also, note set limit low cause oldest shadow copy delete frequently, defeat purpose shadow copy frustrate users. frequency change file greater amount space allocate store shadow copies, shadow copy created. therefore, administrators carefully consider amount disk space want set aside shadow copies, keep mind user expectations many versions want available. end users might expect single shadow copy available, might expect three days three weeks worth shadow copies. shadow copy users expect, storage space administrators must allocate store them. set limit low also affect backup backup program use shadow copy technology program also limit use amount disk space specify administrators. important point administrators understand amount disk space allocate shadow copy depend frequently data change rather much data stored. performance counter available windows server 2003 resource kit help monitor amount shadow copy space use percentage space allocated. important regardless volume space allocate shadow copies, maximum 64 shadow copy volume. 65th shadow copy taken, oldest shadow copy purged. determine disk use store shadow copy store shadow copy another volume file server, volume dedicate separate disks. example, user file store h:\, another volume s:\ use store shadow copies. use separate volume separate disk provide better performance recommend heavily use file servers. separate volume use storage area (where shadow copy stored), maximum size change limit reflect space available storage area volume instead source volume (where user file stored). disk space shadow copy allocate either volume source file different volume. is, however, tradeoff ease use maintenance versus performance reliability system administrator must consider. example, keep shadow copy volume, although potential gain ease setup maintenance, may reduction performance reliability. determine volume shadow copy store much effective use resources end user convenience. every organization different decision criteria. decisions make assignment volume location store shadow copies. important: shadow copy store volume user files, note burst disk input/output (i/o) cause shadow copy deleted. sudden deletion shadow copy unacceptable administrators end users, best use separate volume separate disk store shadow copies. decide create shadow copy frequently shadow copy created, likely end users get version want. however, maximum 64 shadow copy per volume, tradeoff frequency make shadow copy amount time earlier file available. necessary create shadow copy frequently (once every two hours example), would relatively short period—128 hours approximately five days—during end user could retrieve latest version file. shadow copy (that first 64 shadow copy oldest automatically purged) must available longer periods, time shadow copy must extended. default, windows server 2003 create shadow copy 0700 1200, monday friday. however, settings easily modify administrator shadow copy schedule better accommodate end user needs. important keep mind shadow copy created, disk space shadow copy consume, especially file change frequently. detail server setup, refer microsoft windows server 2003 deployment kit. detail operations maintenance shadow copy share folders, refer microsoft windows server 2003 resource kit. (urls kit find relate link section end paper.) setup clients section describe key components set shadow copy share folders service client computers. client user interface work shadow copy access computers run windows server 2003, shadow copy share folders native function. shadow copy also access computers run windows xp professional, windows 2000 server, windows 2000 professional, windows run windows xp professional, windows 2000 server, windows 2000 professional, windows 98 shadow copy share folders client installed. shadow copy share folders client pack install previous versions tab properties dialog box file folders network shares. users access shadow copy windows explorer select one three options—view, copy, restore, locate newly instal previous versions tab. figure 2 show previous versions tab properties dialog box look end user. view consistent file folders. ui consistent support client operate systems. figure 2. previous versions tab properties dialog box users view network folder host server run windows server 2003, ask see old versions file directory. view properties file folder present users folder file history—a list read-only, point-in-time copy file folder content folder file history—a list read-only, point-in-time copy file folder content users open explore like file folder. users view file folder history, copy file folder history, on. client ui setup end user setup client ui simple instal kind simple application plug-in. shadow copy access computers shadow copy share folders client software (twcli32.msi) installed. windows server 2003, shadow copy share folders work default. windows xp professional, code available windows server 2003 cd %windir%\system32\clients\twclient\x86. install file manually clients deploy file use software distribution component group policy. information software distribution, see “deploying manage software environment” “designing manage environment” windows server 2003 deployment kit, available microsoft windows resource kit web site http://www.microsoft.com/windows/reskits/. client computers run windows xp professional, windows xp home, windows 2000 server (sp3 above), windows 2000 professional, windows 98 also access shadow copy shadow copy share folders client software installed. file available april 23, 2003, http://www.microsoft.com/windowsserver2003/downloads/shadowcopyclient.mspx. note operate systems yet deploy client computers, one computers users use restore previous versions file deployed. better end users perform self-service downloads, file size client 290 kb. download time vary depend upon speed end users connect network computer host client file. end users advise accordingly. client computers run windows nt® server version 4.0, windows nt workstation version 4.0, windows millennium edition support time. recovery file folders three fundamental situations end users find one time another use computers. scenarios include: accidental file deletion, common situation. accidental file replacement, occur example, users forget use save as. file corruption. possible recover scenarios access shadow copies. process little different access file compare access folder. important end users notify regard frequently shadow copy select volume made. end users also make aware maximum 64 shadow copies, earliest copy purged. recover delete file recover delete file, use follow procedure: navigate folder delete file stored. position cursor blank space folder. cursor hover file, file selected. right-click mouse select properties bottom menu. select previous versions tab. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 1. 2. 3. versions tab. select version folder contain file deleted, click view. view folder select file recovered. drag drop, cut paste, shadow copy desktop folder end user’s local machine. figure 3 show end users select specific file within folder restore. figure 3.selecting specific file within folders recover overwrite corrupt file recover overwrite corrupt file easier recover delete file file right-clicked instead folder. recover overwrite corrupt file use follow procedure: right-click overwrite corrupt file click properties. select previous versions. want view old version, click view. copy old version another location, click copy... replace current version older version, click restore. recover folder 1. 2. 3. 4. recover folder recover folder use follow procedure: position cursor blank space folder recovered. cursor hover file, file selected. right-click mouse, select properties bottom menu, then, click previous versions tab. choose either copy restore. choose restore enable user recover everything folder well subfolders. select restore delete files. summary shadow copy share folders provide end user-accessible tool restore document access point-in-time shadow copy document folders store network shares. present low-cost way end users recover many file relate accidents cause human error, accidentally deleting, corrupting, edit file. shadow copy share folders example windows server 2003, intelligent file print service deliver value directly end user desk top also help lower total cost ownership (tco) department. relate link see follow resources information: shadow copy share folders: frequently ask question www.microsoft.com/ windowsserver2003/techinfo/overview/scrfaq view animate demonstration volume shadow copy service www.microsoft.com/windowsserver2003/evaluation/demos/default information windows server 2003 deployment kit microsoft windows server 2003 resource kit, go microsoft windows resource kit web site www.microsoft.com/windows/reskits/. latest information windows server 2003, see windows server 2003 web site www.microsoft.com/windowsserver2003."
206,Inventory of MacBook's," Tuesday, January 10, 2017 3:04 PM      Inventory  Wednesday, January 11, 2017 9:12 AM Order  Nbr Order  Date Custome Invoice  Date Invoice  Nbr Ship to Address Shipped to  City Shipped to  State EDC Item Description Manufacturer Manufacturer  Part Number Serial  Number FCLG193 2/27/14 11302778 2/28/14 KF39783 120 WELSH RD HORSHAM PA S749968 3/4/14 11302778 3/4/14 KH13539 S749968 3/4/14 11302778 3/4/14 KH13539 S749968 3/4/14 11302778 3/4/14 KH13539 S749968 3/4/14 11302778 3/4/14 KH13539 2120 16TH AVENUE  SOUTH, 3RD FLOOR BIRMINGHA 2120 16TH AVENUE  SOUTH, 3RD FLOOR BIRMINGHA 2120 16TH AVENUE  SOUTH, 3RD FLOOR BIRMINGHA 2120 16TH AVENUE  SOUTH, 3RD FLOOR BIRMINGHA AL AL AL AL S749968 3/4/14 11302778 3/4/14 KH13539 2120 16TH AVENUE  SOUTH, 3RD FLOOR BIRMINGHA AL S749968 3/4/14 11302778 3/4/14 KH13539 2120 16TH AVENUE  SOUTH, 3RD FLOOR BIRMINGHA AL 2120 16TH AVENUE  SOUTH, 3RD FLOOR BIRMINGHA AL 3165299 APPLE MBP 13.3"" 2.4  128GB 4GB (3165299) Apple Notebook  Systems (APN) ME864LL/A 3165301 APPLE MBP 13.3"" 2.6  512GB 8GB (3165301) Apple Notebook  Systems (APN) ME866LL/A 3165301 APPLE MBP 13.3"" 2.6  512GB 8GB (3165301) Apple Notebook  Systems (APN) ME866LL/A 3165301 APPLE MBP 13.3"" 2.6  512GB 8GB (3165301) Apple Notebook  Systems (APN) ME866LL/A SC02M8HNE FGYY SC02M800V FH01 SC02M804Y FH01 SC02M807C FH01 3167728 BTO APPLE MBP 13"" RET  2.8 512GB 16GB  (3167728) 3167728 BTO APPLE MBP 13"" RET  2.8 512GB 16GB  (3167728) 3167728 BTO APPLE MBP 13"" RET  2.8 512GB 16GB  (3167728) MacBook Pro Apple Notebook  Systems (APN) Z0QC-21009082 16 SC02M63L1F H05 Apple Notebook  Systems (APN) Z0QC-21009082 16 SC02M80X1 FH05 Apple Notebook  Systems (APN) Z0QC-21009082 16 SC02M81F9 FH05 Apple Notebook  Systems (APN) C02SG8W 1G8WP Updated FR April 13 2017 Order Date Customer Purchase Order Ship to Customer Ship to Address Quantity Serial Number Status  02/07/201 02/07/201 02/25/201 02/27/201 03/04/201 03/04/201 03/04/201 03/04/201 03/04/201 03/04/201 03/06/201 03/16/201 03/17/201 03/17/201 03/20/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 N1000-0000001182 N1000-0000001714 N1000-0000003608 N1000-0000002303 ADM720 ADM720 ADM720 ADM720 ADM720 ADM720 AL01 AL01 N1000-0000003677 N1000-0000003678 LH01 POLARIS FRANKRUFFINO POLARIS FRANKRUFFINO POLARIS FRANKRUFFINO POLARIS FRANKRUFFINO POLARIS FRANKRUFFINO POLARIS FRANKRUFFINO POLARIS FRANKRUFFINO POLARIS FRANKRUFFINO POLARIS FRANKRUFFINO POLARIS FRANKRUFFINO 03/21/201 BIRMINGHAM  FRANKRUFFINO 03/06/201 04/07/201 04/07/201 04/07/201 05/16/201 06/23/201 07/18/201 07/21/201 AL01 N1000-0000004555 N1000-0000004555 N1000-0000004555 N1000-0000001338 FR18 LP-1 N1000-0000003961 BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE HENDRICKS-BERKADIA HENDRICKS-BERKADIA HENDRICKS-BERKADIA HENDRICKS-BERKADIA HENDRICKS-BERKADIA HENDRICKS-BERKADIA BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE     Birmingham Page 1036     118 WELSH RD 7500 N DREAMY DRAW DR PHOENIX 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER Shipped to  City HORSHAM Item Description APPLE MB AIR 13.3"" 1.7GHZ 128GB 4GB  (2452712) APPLE MBP 13.3IN 2.9 750GB 8GB SD  (2735442) APPLE MBP 15"" 2.2GHZ RET 256GB 16GB  (3718271) Manufacturer Part  Number MC965LL/A MD102LL/A MJLQ2LL/A 120 WELSH RD HORSHAM APPLE MBP 13.3"" 2.4 128GB 4GB (3165299) ME864LL/A 2120 16TH AVENUE SOUTH, 3RD  FLOOR 2120 16TH AVENUE SOUTH, 3RD  FLOOR 2120 16TH AVENUE SOUTH, 3RD  FLOOR 2120 16TH AVENUE SOUTH, 3RD  FLOOR 2120 16TH AVENUE SOUTH, 3RD  FLOOR 2120 16TH AVENUE SOUTH, 3RD  FLOOR BIRMINGHAM APPLE MBP 13.3"" 2.6 512GB 8GB (3165301) ME866LL/A BIRMINGHAM APPLE MBP 13.3"" 2.6 512GB 8GB (3165301) ME866LL/A BIRMINGHAM APPLE MBP 13.3"" 2.6 512GB 8GB (3165301) ME866LL/A BIRMINGHAM BTO APPLE MBP 13"" RET 2.8 512GB 16GB  Z0QC-2100908216 (3167728) BIRMINGHAM BTO APPLE MBP 13"" RET 2.8 512GB 16GB  Z0QC-2100908216 (3167728) BIRMINGHAM BTO APPLE MBP 13"" RET 2.8 512GB 16GB  Z0QC-2100908216 (3167728) 2120 16TH AVE S STE 300 BIRMINGHAM APPLE MBA 11"" 1.4 128GB 4GB (3348397) MD711LL/B 2120 16TH AVENUE SOUTH BIRMINGHAM APPLE MBP 13.3IN 2.5 500GB 4GB SD  MD101LL/A 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER (2735438) APPLE MBP 13"" RET 2.7GHZ 256GB 16GB  (3899169) APPLE MBP 13"" RET 2.7GHZ 256GB 16GB  (3899169) APPLE BTO MBP 15"" RET 2.8 1TB 16GB  (3433851) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) Z0QN-2102000388 Z0QN-2102000388 Z0RD-2101393137 Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 2120 16TH AVE S STE 300 BIRMINGHAM APPLE MBA 11"" 1.4 128GB 4GB (3348397) MD711LL/B -1 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 118 WELSH RD HORSHAM APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MB AIR 13.3"" 1.7GHZ 128GB 4GB  (2452712) Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 MC965LL/A 2120 16TH AVENUE SOUTH BIRMINGHAM APPLE MBP BTO 13"" 3.1GHZ 1TB 16GB  Z0QP-2101671084 (3643176) 508 PRUDENTIAL RD HORSHAM APPLE MBA 13IN 2.0 256GB 8GB (2745301) 2100335101 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER APPLE MBP 15"" 2.5GHZ RET 512GB 16GB  (3718272) MJLT2LL/A SC02H4G24DJWT SC1MJWG48DTY SC02R3FVBG8W SC02M8HNEFGYY SC02M800VFH01 Birmingham /Josh Jacobs SC02M804YFH01 SC02M807CFH01 SC02M63L1FH05 Birmingham/William Park  Hurst SC02M80X1FH05 SC02M81F9FH05 David Etchinson SC02NR15XG083 SC1MP83ZYDTY3 Atlanta/Dante SC02RD1JFFVH6 yes Joe amico SC02RC26MFVH6 Yes Frank Ruffino SC02PD2GYG3QP SC02T92V4G8WL SC02T92W0G8W SC02T92W1G8W SC02T92WPG8W SC02TC1HVG8WL Birmingham/Caleb Frizzle SC02TC1HZG8WL SC02TC1J4G8WL SC02TC1NLG8WL SC02TC1NQG8W SC02TC1SNG8WL SC02TC1T3G8WL SC02TG0KAG8WL SC02TG0KCG8WL SC02TG0KDG8WL SC02HN5SCDJWT SC02PV06LGQR6 David Etchison SC02J25MGDRVG  07/23/201 08/31/201 08/31/201 08/31/201 08/31/201 09/09/201 11/30/201 11/30/201 12/02/201 12/05/201 12/05/201 12/05/201 12/05/201 04/07/201 N1000-0000001993 VERBAL -FR VERBAL -FR VERBAL -FR VERBAL -FR VERBAL-FR2 SH01 SH01 FRANK-VERBAL VERBALFRANK VERBALFRANK VERBALFRANK VERBALFRANK MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE 508 PRUDENTIAL RD HORSHAM APPLE MBP 13.3IN 2.6 256GB 8GB (2953458) ME662LL/A (3718272) 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER APPLE MBP 15"" RET 2.8 512GB 16GB  (3968770) APPLE MBP 15"" RET 2.8 512GB 16GB  (3968770) APPLE MBP 15"" RET 2.8 512GB 16GB  (3968770) APPLE MBP 15"" RET 2.8 512GB 16GB  (3968770) APPLE MBP 15"" RET 2.8 512GB 16GB  (3968770) APPLE MBP 15"" 2.5GHZ RET 512GB 16GB  (3718272) APPLE MBP 15"" 2.5GHZ RET 512GB 16GB  (3718272) APPLE MBP 15"" 2.7GHZ 512GB RP 455  (4355350) APPLE MBP 15"" 2.5GHZ RET 512GB 16GB  (3718272) APPLE MBP 15"" 2.5GHZ RET 512GB 16GB  (3718272) APPLE MBP 15"" 2.5GHZ RET 512GB 16GB  (3718272) APPLE MBP 15"" 2.5GHZ RET 512GB 16GB  (3718272) Z0RG-2102078114 Z0RG-2102078114 Z0RG-2102078114 Z0RG-2102078114 Z0RG-2102078114 MJLT2LL/A MJLT2LL/A MLH42LL/A MJLT2LL/A MJLT2LL/A MJLT2LL/A MJLT2LL/A PHB01-0000000278 HENDRICKS-BERKADIA LLC 2120 16TH AVE S STE 300 Birmingham APPLE MBP 13"" RET 2.9GHZ 1TB 16GB  (3899175) David Katz Kyle Hunt SC02KX8MJFFRP SC02S60U2G8W SC02S60UQG8W SC02S60YJG8WM SC02S60Z9G8W SC02S81RUG8W SC02QQ1QEG8W SC02QQ5GLG8W SC02SR4PWGTF SC02SC794G8WP SC02SCAHCG8W SC02SG7L6G8WP SC02SG8W1G8W Birmingham/Stephanie  Baine SC02RH1T2FVH8 Birmingham David Etchison C02Q12YDFVH8 Birmingham/Linda Sahawneh C02Q34PBFVH8 Birmingham/Michael  Krombach C02PF5A5FVH8 Birmingham/Royce Emerson    ","[32, 9, 72, 775]","[1034, 1036]","Inventory of MacBook's Inventory of MacBook's Inventory of MacBook's Inventory of MacBook's Inventory of MacBook's Inventory of MacBook's Inventory of MacBook's Inventory of MacBook's Inventory of MacBook's Inventory of MacBook's   Tuesday, January 10, 2017 3:04 PM      Inventory  Wednesday, January 11, 2017 9:12 AM Order  Nbr Order  Date Custome Invoice  Date Invoice  Nbr Ship to Address Shipped to  City Shipped to  State EDC Item Description Manufacturer Manufacturer  Part Number Serial  Number FCLG193 2/27/14 11302778 2/28/14 KF39783 120 WELSH RD HORSHAM PA S749968 3/4/14 11302778 3/4/14 KH13539 S749968 3/4/14 11302778 3/4/14 KH13539 S749968 3/4/14 11302778 3/4/14 KH13539 S749968 3/4/14 11302778 3/4/14 KH13539 2120 16TH AVENUE  SOUTH, 3RD FLOOR BIRMINGHA 2120 16TH AVENUE  SOUTH, 3RD FLOOR BIRMINGHA 2120 16TH AVENUE  SOUTH, 3RD FLOOR BIRMINGHA 2120 16TH AVENUE  SOUTH, 3RD FLOOR BIRMINGHA AL AL AL AL S749968 3/4/14 11302778 3/4/14 KH13539 2120 16TH AVENUE  SOUTH, 3RD FLOOR BIRMINGHA AL S749968 3/4/14 11302778 3/4/14 KH13539 2120 16TH AVENUE  SOUTH, 3RD FLOOR BIRMINGHA AL 2120 16TH AVENUE  SOUTH, 3RD FLOOR BIRMINGHA AL 3165299 APPLE MBP 13.3"" 2.4  128GB 4GB (3165299) Apple Notebook  Systems (APN) ME864LL/A 3165301 APPLE MBP 13.3"" 2.6  512GB 8GB (3165301) Apple Notebook  Systems (APN) ME866LL/A 3165301 APPLE MBP 13.3"" 2.6  512GB 8GB (3165301) Apple Notebook  Systems (APN) ME866LL/A 3165301 APPLE MBP 13.3"" 2.6  512GB 8GB (3165301) Apple Notebook  Systems (APN) ME866LL/A SC02M8HNE FGYY SC02M800V FH01 SC02M804Y FH01 SC02M807C FH01 3167728 BTO APPLE MBP 13"" RET  2.8 512GB 16GB  (3167728) 3167728 BTO APPLE MBP 13"" RET  2.8 512GB 16GB  (3167728) 3167728 BTO APPLE MBP 13"" RET  2.8 512GB 16GB  (3167728) MacBook Pro Apple Notebook  Systems (APN) Z0QC-21009082 16 SC02M63L1F H05 Apple Notebook  Systems (APN) Z0QC-21009082 16 SC02M80X1 FH05 Apple Notebook  Systems (APN) Z0QC-21009082 16 SC02M81F9 FH05 Apple Notebook  Systems (APN) C02SG8W 1G8WP Updated FR April 13 2017 Order Date Customer Purchase Order Ship to Customer Ship to Address Quantity Serial Number Status  02/07/201 02/07/201 02/25/201 02/27/201 03/04/201 03/04/201 03/04/201 03/04/201 03/04/201 03/04/201 03/06/201 03/16/201 03/17/201 03/17/201 03/20/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 N1000-0000001182 N1000-0000001714 N1000-0000003608 N1000-0000002303 ADM720 ADM720 ADM720 ADM720 ADM720 ADM720 AL01 AL01 N1000-0000003677 N1000-0000003678 LH01 POLARIS FRANKRUFFINO POLARIS FRANKRUFFINO POLARIS FRANKRUFFINO POLARIS FRANKRUFFINO POLARIS FRANKRUFFINO POLARIS FRANKRUFFINO POLARIS FRANKRUFFINO POLARIS FRANKRUFFINO POLARIS FRANKRUFFINO POLARIS FRANKRUFFINO 03/21/201 BIRMINGHAM  FRANKRUFFINO 03/06/201 04/07/201 04/07/201 04/07/201 05/16/201 06/23/201 07/18/201 07/21/201 AL01 N1000-0000004555 N1000-0000004555 N1000-0000004555 N1000-0000001338 FR18 LP-1 N1000-0000003961 BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE HENDRICKS-BERKADIA HENDRICKS-BERKADIA HENDRICKS-BERKADIA HENDRICKS-BERKADIA HENDRICKS-BERKADIA HENDRICKS-BERKADIA BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE     Birmingham Page 1036     118 WELSH RD 7500 N DREAMY DRAW DR PHOENIX 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER Shipped to  City HORSHAM Item Description APPLE MB AIR 13.3"" 1.7GHZ 128GB 4GB  (2452712) APPLE MBP 13.3IN 2.9 750GB 8GB SD  (2735442) APPLE MBP 15"" 2.2GHZ RET 256GB 16GB  (3718271) Manufacturer Part  Number MC965LL/A MD102LL/A MJLQ2LL/A 120 WELSH RD HORSHAM APPLE MBP 13.3"" 2.4 128GB 4GB (3165299) ME864LL/A 2120 16TH AVENUE SOUTH, 3RD  FLOOR 2120 16TH AVENUE SOUTH, 3RD  FLOOR 2120 16TH AVENUE SOUTH, 3RD  FLOOR 2120 16TH AVENUE SOUTH, 3RD  FLOOR 2120 16TH AVENUE SOUTH, 3RD  FLOOR 2120 16TH AVENUE SOUTH, 3RD  FLOOR BIRMINGHAM APPLE MBP 13.3"" 2.6 512GB 8GB (3165301) ME866LL/A BIRMINGHAM APPLE MBP 13.3"" 2.6 512GB 8GB (3165301) ME866LL/A BIRMINGHAM APPLE MBP 13.3"" 2.6 512GB 8GB (3165301) ME866LL/A BIRMINGHAM BTO APPLE MBP 13"" RET 2.8 512GB 16GB  Z0QC-2100908216 (3167728) BIRMINGHAM BTO APPLE MBP 13"" RET 2.8 512GB 16GB  Z0QC-2100908216 (3167728) BIRMINGHAM BTO APPLE MBP 13"" RET 2.8 512GB 16GB  Z0QC-2100908216 (3167728) 2120 16TH AVE S STE 300 BIRMINGHAM APPLE MBA 11"" 1.4 128GB 4GB (3348397) MD711LL/B 2120 16TH AVENUE SOUTH BIRMINGHAM APPLE MBP 13.3IN 2.5 500GB 4GB SD  MD101LL/A 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER (2735438) APPLE MBP 13"" RET 2.7GHZ 256GB 16GB  (3899169) APPLE MBP 13"" RET 2.7GHZ 256GB 16GB  (3899169) APPLE BTO MBP 15"" RET 2.8 1TB 16GB  (3433851) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) Z0QN-2102000388 Z0QN-2102000388 Z0RD-2101393137 Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 2120 16TH AVE S STE 300 BIRMINGHAM APPLE MBA 11"" 1.4 128GB 4GB (3348397) MD711LL/B -1 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 118 WELSH RD HORSHAM APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MB AIR 13.3"" 1.7GHZ 128GB 4GB  (2452712) Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 MC965LL/A 2120 16TH AVENUE SOUTH BIRMINGHAM APPLE MBP BTO 13"" 3.1GHZ 1TB 16GB  Z0QP-2101671084 (3643176) 508 PRUDENTIAL RD HORSHAM APPLE MBA 13IN 2.0 256GB 8GB (2745301) 2100335101 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER APPLE MBP 15"" 2.5GHZ RET 512GB 16GB  (3718272) MJLT2LL/A SC02H4G24DJWT SC1MJWG48DTY SC02R3FVBG8W SC02M8HNEFGYY SC02M800VFH01 Birmingham /Josh Jacobs SC02M804YFH01 SC02M807CFH01 SC02M63L1FH05 Birmingham/William Park  Hurst SC02M80X1FH05 SC02M81F9FH05 David Etchinson SC02NR15XG083 SC1MP83ZYDTY3 Atlanta/Dante SC02RD1JFFVH6 yes Joe amico SC02RC26MFVH6 Yes Frank Ruffino SC02PD2GYG3QP SC02T92V4G8WL SC02T92W0G8W SC02T92W1G8W SC02T92WPG8W SC02TC1HVG8WL Birmingham/Caleb Frizzle SC02TC1HZG8WL SC02TC1J4G8WL SC02TC1NLG8WL SC02TC1NQG8W SC02TC1SNG8WL SC02TC1T3G8WL SC02TG0KAG8WL SC02TG0KCG8WL SC02TG0KDG8WL SC02HN5SCDJWT SC02PV06LGQR6 David Etchison SC02J25MGDRVG  07/23/201 08/31/201 08/31/201 08/31/201 08/31/201 09/09/201 11/30/201 11/30/201 12/02/201 12/05/201 12/05/201 12/05/201 12/05/201 04/07/201 N1000-0000001993 VERBAL -FR VERBAL -FR VERBAL -FR VERBAL -FR VERBAL-FR2 SH01 SH01 FRANK-VERBAL VERBALFRANK VERBALFRANK VERBALFRANK VERBALFRANK MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE 508 PRUDENTIAL RD HORSHAM APPLE MBP 13.3IN 2.6 256GB 8GB (2953458) ME662LL/A (3718272) 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER APPLE MBP 15"" RET 2.8 512GB 16GB  (3968770) APPLE MBP 15"" RET 2.8 512GB 16GB  (3968770) APPLE MBP 15"" RET 2.8 512GB 16GB  (3968770) APPLE MBP 15"" RET 2.8 512GB 16GB  (3968770) APPLE MBP 15"" RET 2.8 512GB 16GB  (3968770) APPLE MBP 15"" 2.5GHZ RET 512GB 16GB  (3718272) APPLE MBP 15"" 2.5GHZ RET 512GB 16GB  (3718272) APPLE MBP 15"" 2.7GHZ 512GB RP 455  (4355350) APPLE MBP 15"" 2.5GHZ RET 512GB 16GB  (3718272) APPLE MBP 15"" 2.5GHZ RET 512GB 16GB  (3718272) APPLE MBP 15"" 2.5GHZ RET 512GB 16GB  (3718272) APPLE MBP 15"" 2.5GHZ RET 512GB 16GB  (3718272) Z0RG-2102078114 Z0RG-2102078114 Z0RG-2102078114 Z0RG-2102078114 Z0RG-2102078114 MJLT2LL/A MJLT2LL/A MLH42LL/A MJLT2LL/A MJLT2LL/A MJLT2LL/A MJLT2LL/A PHB01-0000000278 HENDRICKS-BERKADIA LLC 2120 16TH AVE S STE 300 Birmingham APPLE MBP 13"" RET 2.9GHZ 1TB 16GB  (3899175) David Katz Kyle Hunt SC02KX8MJFFRP SC02S60U2G8W SC02S60UQG8W SC02S60YJG8WM SC02S60Z9G8W SC02S81RUG8W SC02QQ1QEG8W SC02QQ5GLG8W SC02SR4PWGTF SC02SC794G8WP SC02SCAHCG8W SC02SG7L6G8WP SC02SG8W1G8W Birmingham/Stephanie  Baine SC02RH1T2FVH8 Birmingham David Etchison C02Q12YDFVH8 Birmingham/Linda Sahawneh C02Q34PBFVH8 Birmingham/Michael  Krombach C02PF5A5FVH8 Birmingham/Royce Emerson    ","inventory macbook's inventory macbook's inventory macbook's inventory macbook's inventory macbook's inventory macbook's inventory macbook's inventory macbook's inventory macbook's inventory macbook's tuesday, january 10, 2017 3:04 pm inventory wednesday, january 11, 2017 9:12 order nbr order date custome invoice date invoice nbr ship address ship city ship state edc item description manufacturer manufacturer part number serial number fclg193 2/27/14 11302778 2/28/14 kf39783 120 welsh rd horsham pa s749968 3/4/14 11302778 3/4/14 kh13539 s749968 3/4/14 11302778 3/4/14 kh13539 s749968 3/4/14 11302778 3/4/14 kh13539 s749968 3/4/14 11302778 3/4/14 kh13539 2120 16th avenue south, 3rd floor birmingha 2120 16th avenue south, 3rd floor birmingha 2120 16th avenue south, 3rd floor birmingha 2120 16th avenue south, 3rd floor birmingha al al al al s749968 3/4/14 11302778 3/4/14 kh13539 2120 16th avenue south, 3rd floor birmingha al s749968 3/4/14 11302778 3/4/14 kh13539 2120 16th avenue south, 3rd floor birmingha al 2120 16th avenue south, 3rd floor birmingha al 3165299 apple mbp 13.3"" 2.4 128gb 4gb (3165299) apple notebook systems (apn) me864ll/a 3165301 apple mbp 13.3"" 2.6 512gb 8gb (3165301) apple notebook systems (apn) me866ll/a 3165301 apple mbp 13.3"" 2.6 512gb 8gb (3165301) apple notebook systems (apn) me866ll/a 3165301 apple mbp 13.3"" 2.6 512gb 8gb (3165301) apple notebook systems (apn) me866ll/a sc02m8hne fgyy sc02m800v fh01 sc02m804y fh01 sc02m807c fh01 3167728 bto apple mbp 13"" ret 2.8 512gb 16gb (3167728) 3167728 bto apple mbp 13"" ret 2.8 512gb 16gb (3167728) 3167728 bto apple mbp 13"" ret 2.8 512gb 16gb (3167728) macbook pro apple notebook systems (apn) z0qc-21009082 16 sc02m63l1f h05 apple notebook systems (apn) z0qc-21009082 16 sc02m80x1 fh05 apple notebook systems (apn) z0qc-21009082 16 sc02m81f9 fh05 apple notebook systems (apn) c02sg8w 1g8wp update fr april 13 2017 order date customer purchase order ship customer ship address quantity serial number status 02/07/201 02/07/201 02/25/201 02/27/201 03/04/201 03/04/201 03/04/201 03/04/201 03/04/201 03/04/201 03/06/201 03/16/201 03/17/201 03/17/201 03/20/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 n1000-0000001182 n1000-0000001714 n1000-0000003608 n1000-0000002303 adm720 adm720 adm720 adm720 adm720 adm720 al01 al01 n1000-0000003677 n1000-0000003678 lh01 polaris frankruffino polaris frankruffino polaris frankruffino polaris frankruffino polaris frankruffino polaris frankruffino polaris frankruffino polaris frankruffino polaris frankruffino polaris frankruffino 03/21/201 birmingham frankruffino 03/06/201 04/07/201 04/07/201 04/07/201 05/16/201 06/23/201 07/18/201 07/21/201 al01 n1000-0000004555 n1000-0000004555 n1000-0000004555 n1000-0000001338 fr18 lp-1 n1000-0000003961 berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage hendricks-berkadia hendricks-berkadia hendricks-berkadia hendricks-berkadia hendricks-berkadia hendricks-berkadia berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage birmingham page 1036 118 welsh rd 7500 n dreamy draw dr phoenix 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler ship city horsham item description apple mb air 13.3"" 1.7ghz 128gb 4gb (2452712) apple mbp 13.3in 2.9 750gb 8gb sd (2735442) apple mbp 15"" 2.2ghz ret 256gb 16gb (3718271) manufacturer part number mc965ll/a md102ll/a mjlq2ll/a 120 welsh rd horsham apple mbp 13.3"" 2.4 128gb 4gb (3165299) me864ll/a 2120 16th avenue south, 3rd floor 2120 16th avenue south, 3rd floor 2120 16th avenue south, 3rd floor 2120 16th avenue south, 3rd floor 2120 16th avenue south, 3rd floor 2120 16th avenue south, 3rd floor birmingham apple mbp 13.3"" 2.6 512gb 8gb (3165301) me866ll/a birmingham apple mbp 13.3"" 2.6 512gb 8gb (3165301) me866ll/a birmingham apple mbp 13.3"" 2.6 512gb 8gb (3165301) me866ll/a birmingham bto apple mbp 13"" ret 2.8 512gb 16gb z0qc-2100908216 (3167728) birmingham bto apple mbp 13"" ret 2.8 512gb 16gb z0qc-2100908216 (3167728) birmingham bto apple mbp 13"" ret 2.8 512gb 16gb z0qc-2100908216 (3167728) 2120 16th ave ste 300 birmingham apple mba 11"" 1.4 128gb 4gb (3348397) md711ll/b 2120 16th avenue south birmingham apple mbp 13.3in 2.5 500gb 4gb sd md101ll/a 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler (2735438) apple mbp 13"" ret 2.7ghz 256gb 16gb (3899169) apple mbp 13"" ret 2.7ghz 256gb 16gb (3899169) apple bto mbp 15"" ret 2.8 1tb 16gb (3433851) apple mbp 15in ret i7 2.5 512gb 16gb (4300028) apple mbp 15in ret i7 2.5 512gb 16gb (4300028) apple mbp 15in ret i7 2.5 512gb 16gb (4300028) apple mbp 15in ret i7 2.5 512gb 16gb (4300028) apple mbp 15in ret i7 2.5 512gb 16gb (4300028) apple mbp 15in ret i7 2.5 512gb 16gb (4300028) apple mbp 15in ret i7 2.5 512gb 16gb (4300028) apple mbp 15in ret i7 2.5 512gb 16gb (4300028) apple mbp 15in ret i7 2.5 512gb 16gb (4300028) apple mbp 15in ret i7 2.5 512gb 16gb (4300028) apple mbp 15in ret i7 2.5 512gb 16gb (4300028) z0qn-2102000388 z0qn-2102000388 z0rd-2101393137 z0rf-2102377724 z0rf-2102377724 z0rf-2102377724 z0rf-2102377724 z0rf-2102377724 z0rf-2102377724 z0rf-2102377724 z0rf-2102377724 z0rf-2102377724 z0rf-2102377724 z0rf-2102377724 2120 16th ave ste 300 birmingham apple mba 11"" 1.4 128gb 4gb (3348397) md711ll/b -1 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 118 welsh rd horsham apple mbp 15in ret i7 2.5 512gb 16gb (4300028) apple mbp 15in ret i7 2.5 512gb 16gb (4300028) apple mbp 15in ret i7 2.5 512gb 16gb (4300028) apple mb air 13.3"" 1.7ghz 128gb 4gb (2452712) z0rf-2102377724 z0rf-2102377724 z0rf-2102377724 mc965ll/a 2120 16th avenue south birmingham apple mbp bto 13"" 3.1ghz 1tb 16gb z0qp-2101671084 (3643176) 508 prudential rd horsham apple mba 13in 2.0 256gb 8gb (2745301) 2100335101 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler apple mbp 15"" 2.5ghz ret 512gb 16gb (3718272) mjlt2ll/a sc02h4g24djwt sc1mjwg48dty sc02r3fvbg8w sc02m8hnefgyy sc02m800vfh01 birmingham /josh jacobs sc02m804yfh01 sc02m807cfh01 sc02m63l1fh05 birmingham/william park hurst sc02m80x1fh05 sc02m81f9fh05 david etchinson sc02nr15xg083 sc1mp83zydty3 atlanta/dante sc02rd1jffvh6 yes joe amico sc02rc26mfvh6 yes frank ruffino sc02pd2gyg3qp sc02t92v4g8wl sc02t92w0g8w sc02t92w1g8w sc02t92wpg8w sc02tc1hvg8wl birmingham/caleb frizzle sc02tc1hzg8wl sc02tc1j4g8wl sc02tc1nlg8wl sc02tc1nqg8w sc02tc1sng8wl sc02tc1t3g8wl sc02tg0kag8wl sc02tg0kcg8wl sc02tg0kdg8wl sc02hn5scdjwt sc02pv06lgqr6 david etchison sc02j25mgdrvg 07/23/201 08/31/201 08/31/201 08/31/201 08/31/201 09/09/201 11/30/201 11/30/201 12/02/201 12/05/201 12/05/201 12/05/201 12/05/201 04/07/201 n1000-0000001993 verbal -fr verbal -fr verbal -fr verbal -fr verbal-fr2 sh01 sh01 frank-verbal verbalfrank verbalfrank verbalfrank verbalfrank mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage 508 prudential rd horsham apple mbp 13.3in 2.6 256gb 8gb (2953458) me662ll/a (3718272) 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler apple mbp 15"" ret 2.8 512gb 16gb (3968770) apple mbp 15"" ret 2.8 512gb 16gb (3968770) apple mbp 15"" ret 2.8 512gb 16gb (3968770) apple mbp 15"" ret 2.8 512gb 16gb (3968770) apple mbp 15"" ret 2.8 512gb 16gb (3968770) apple mbp 15"" 2.5ghz ret 512gb 16gb (3718272) apple mbp 15"" 2.5ghz ret 512gb 16gb (3718272) apple mbp 15"" 2.7ghz 512gb rp 455 (4355350) apple mbp 15"" 2.5ghz ret 512gb 16gb (3718272) apple mbp 15"" 2.5ghz ret 512gb 16gb (3718272) apple mbp 15"" 2.5ghz ret 512gb 16gb (3718272) apple mbp 15"" 2.5ghz ret 512gb 16gb (3718272) z0rg-2102078114 z0rg-2102078114 z0rg-2102078114 z0rg-2102078114 z0rg-2102078114 mjlt2ll/a mjlt2ll/a mlh42ll/a mjlt2ll/a mjlt2ll/a mjlt2ll/a mjlt2ll/a phb01-0000000278 hendricks-berkadia llc 2120 16th ave ste 300 birmingham apple mbp 13"" ret 2.9ghz 1tb 16gb (3899175) david katz kyle hunt sc02kx8mjffrp sc02s60u2g8w sc02s60uqg8w sc02s60yjg8wm sc02s60z9g8w sc02s81rug8w sc02qq1qeg8w sc02qq5glg8w sc02sr4pwgtf sc02sc794g8wp sc02scahcg8w sc02sg7l6g8wp sc02sg8w1g8w birmingham/stephanie baine sc02rh1t2fvh8 birmingham david etchison c02q12ydfvh8 birmingham/linda sahawneh c02q34pbfvh8 birmingham/michael krombach c02pf5a5fvh8 birmingham/royce emerson","Inventory of MacBook's Inventory of MacBook's   Tuesday, January 10, 2017 3:04 PM      Inventory  Wednesday, January 11, 2017 9:12 AM Order  Nbr Order  Date Custome Invoice  Date Invoice  Nbr Ship to Address Shipped to  City Shipped to  State EDC Item Description Manufacturer Manufacturer  Part Number Serial  Number FCLG193 2/27/14 11302778 2/28/14 KF39783 120 WELSH RD HORSHAM PA S749968 3/4/14 11302778 3/4/14 KH13539 S749968 3/4/14 11302778 3/4/14 KH13539 S749968 3/4/14 11302778 3/4/14 KH13539 S749968 3/4/14 11302778 3/4/14 KH13539 2120 16TH AVENUE  SOUTH, 3RD FLOOR BIRMINGHA 2120 16TH AVENUE  SOUTH, 3RD FLOOR BIRMINGHA 2120 16TH AVENUE  SOUTH, 3RD FLOOR BIRMINGHA 2120 16TH AVENUE  SOUTH, 3RD FLOOR BIRMINGHA AL AL AL AL S749968 3/4/14 11302778 3/4/14 KH13539 2120 16TH AVENUE  SOUTH, 3RD FLOOR BIRMINGHA AL S749968 3/4/14 11302778 3/4/14 KH13539 2120 16TH AVENUE  SOUTH, 3RD FLOOR BIRMINGHA AL 2120 16TH AVENUE  SOUTH, 3RD FLOOR BIRMINGHA AL 3165299 APPLE MBP 13.3"" 2.4  128GB 4GB (3165299) Apple Notebook  Systems (APN) ME864LL/A 3165301 APPLE MBP 13.3"" 2.6  512GB 8GB (3165301) Apple Notebook  Systems (APN) ME866LL/A 3165301 APPLE MBP 13.3"" 2.6  512GB 8GB (3165301) Apple Notebook  Systems (APN) ME866LL/A 3165301 APPLE MBP 13.3"" 2.6  512GB 8GB (3165301) Apple Notebook  Systems (APN) ME866LL/A SC02M8HNE FGYY SC02M800V FH01 SC02M804Y FH01 SC02M807C FH01 3167728 BTO APPLE MBP 13"" RET  2.8 512GB 16GB  (3167728) 3167728 BTO APPLE MBP 13"" RET  2.8 512GB 16GB  (3167728) 3167728 BTO APPLE MBP 13"" RET  2.8 512GB 16GB  (3167728) MacBook Pro Apple Notebook  Systems (APN) Z0QC-21009082 16 SC02M63L1F H05 Apple Notebook  Systems (APN) Z0QC-21009082 16 SC02M80X1 FH05 Apple Notebook  Systems (APN) Z0QC-21009082 16 SC02M81F9 FH05 Apple Notebook  Systems (APN) C02SG8W 1G8WP Updated FR April 13 2017 Order Date Customer Purchase Order Ship to Customer Ship to Address Quantity Serial Number Status  02/07/201 02/07/201 02/25/201 02/27/201 03/04/201 03/04/201 03/04/201 03/04/201 03/04/201 03/04/201 03/06/201 03/16/201 03/17/201 03/17/201 03/20/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 N1000-0000001182 N1000-0000001714 N1000-0000003608 N1000-0000002303 ADM720 ADM720 ADM720 ADM720 ADM720 ADM720 AL01 AL01 N1000-0000003677 N1000-0000003678 LH01 POLARIS FRANKRUFFINO POLARIS FRANKRUFFINO POLARIS FRANKRUFFINO POLARIS FRANKRUFFINO POLARIS FRANKRUFFINO POLARIS FRANKRUFFINO POLARIS FRANKRUFFINO POLARIS FRANKRUFFINO POLARIS FRANKRUFFINO POLARIS FRANKRUFFINO 03/21/201 BIRMINGHAM  FRANKRUFFINO 03/06/201 04/07/201 04/07/201 04/07/201 05/16/201 06/23/201 07/18/201 07/21/201 AL01 N1000-0000004555 N1000-0000004555 N1000-0000004555 N1000-0000001338 FR18 LP-1 N1000-0000003961 BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE HENDRICKS-BERKADIA HENDRICKS-BERKADIA HENDRICKS-BERKADIA HENDRICKS-BERKADIA HENDRICKS-BERKADIA HENDRICKS-BERKADIA BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE     Birmingham Page 1036     118 WELSH RD 7500 N DREAMY DRAW DR PHOENIX 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER Shipped to  City HORSHAM Item Description APPLE MB AIR 13.3"" 1.7GHZ 128GB 4GB  (2452712) APPLE MBP 13.3IN 2.9 750GB 8GB SD  (2735442) APPLE MBP 15"" 2.2GHZ RET 256GB 16GB  (3718271) Manufacturer Part  Number MC965LL/A MD102LL/A MJLQ2LL/A 120 WELSH RD HORSHAM APPLE MBP 13.3"" 2.4 128GB 4GB (3165299) ME864LL/A 2120 16TH AVENUE SOUTH, 3RD  FLOOR 2120 16TH AVENUE SOUTH, 3RD  FLOOR 2120 16TH AVENUE SOUTH, 3RD  FLOOR 2120 16TH AVENUE SOUTH, 3RD  FLOOR 2120 16TH AVENUE SOUTH, 3RD  FLOOR 2120 16TH AVENUE SOUTH, 3RD  FLOOR BIRMINGHAM APPLE MBP 13.3"" 2.6 512GB 8GB (3165301) ME866LL/A BIRMINGHAM APPLE MBP 13.3"" 2.6 512GB 8GB (3165301) ME866LL/A BIRMINGHAM APPLE MBP 13.3"" 2.6 512GB 8GB (3165301) ME866LL/A BIRMINGHAM BTO APPLE MBP 13"" RET 2.8 512GB 16GB  Z0QC-2100908216 (3167728) BIRMINGHAM BTO APPLE MBP 13"" RET 2.8 512GB 16GB  Z0QC-2100908216 (3167728) BIRMINGHAM BTO APPLE MBP 13"" RET 2.8 512GB 16GB  Z0QC-2100908216 (3167728) 2120 16TH AVE S STE 300 BIRMINGHAM APPLE MBA 11"" 1.4 128GB 4GB (3348397) MD711LL/B 2120 16TH AVENUE SOUTH BIRMINGHAM APPLE MBP 13.3IN 2.5 500GB 4GB SD  MD101LL/A 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER (2735438) APPLE MBP 13"" RET 2.7GHZ 256GB 16GB  (3899169) APPLE MBP 13"" RET 2.7GHZ 256GB 16GB  (3899169) APPLE BTO MBP 15"" RET 2.8 1TB 16GB  (3433851) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) Z0QN-2102000388 Z0QN-2102000388 Z0RD-2101393137 Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 2120 16TH AVE S STE 300 BIRMINGHAM APPLE MBA 11"" 1.4 128GB 4GB (3348397) MD711LL/B -1 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 118 WELSH RD HORSHAM APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MBP 15IN RET I7 2.5 512GB 16GB  (4300028) APPLE MB AIR 13.3"" 1.7GHZ 128GB 4GB  (2452712) Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 Z0RF-2102377724 MC965LL/A 2120 16TH AVENUE SOUTH BIRMINGHAM APPLE MBP BTO 13"" 3.1GHZ 1TB 16GB  Z0QP-2101671084 (3643176) 508 PRUDENTIAL RD HORSHAM APPLE MBA 13IN 2.0 256GB 8GB (2745301) 2100335101 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER APPLE MBP 15"" 2.5GHZ RET 512GB 16GB  (3718272) MJLT2LL/A SC02H4G24DJWT SC1MJWG48DTY SC02R3FVBG8W SC02M8HNEFGYY SC02M800VFH01 Birmingham /Josh Jacobs SC02M804YFH01 SC02M807CFH01 SC02M63L1FH05 Birmingham/William Park  Hurst SC02M80X1FH05 SC02M81F9FH05 David Etchinson SC02NR15XG083 SC1MP83ZYDTY3 Atlanta/Dante SC02RD1JFFVH6 yes Joe amico SC02RC26MFVH6 Yes Frank Ruffino SC02PD2GYG3QP SC02T92V4G8WL SC02T92W0G8W SC02T92W1G8W SC02T92WPG8W SC02TC1HVG8WL Birmingham/Caleb Frizzle SC02TC1HZG8WL SC02TC1J4G8WL SC02TC1NLG8WL SC02TC1NQG8W SC02TC1SNG8WL SC02TC1T3G8WL SC02TG0KAG8WL SC02TG0KCG8WL SC02TG0KDG8WL SC02HN5SCDJWT SC02PV06LGQR6 David Etchison SC02J25MGDRVG  07/23/201 08/31/201 08/31/201 08/31/201 08/31/201 09/09/201 11/30/201 11/30/201 12/02/201 12/05/201 12/05/201 12/05/201 12/05/201 04/07/201 N1000-0000001993 VERBAL -FR VERBAL -FR VERBAL -FR VERBAL -FR VERBAL-FR2 SH01 SH01 FRANK-VERBAL VERBALFRANK VERBALFRANK VERBALFRANK VERBALFRANK MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE BERKADIA COMMERCIAL  MORTGAGE 508 PRUDENTIAL RD HORSHAM APPLE MBP 13.3IN 2.6 256GB 8GB (2953458) ME662LL/A (3718272) 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER 323 NORRISTOWN RD STE 300 AMBLER APPLE MBP 15"" RET 2.8 512GB 16GB  (3968770) APPLE MBP 15"" RET 2.8 512GB 16GB  (3968770) APPLE MBP 15"" RET 2.8 512GB 16GB  (3968770) APPLE MBP 15"" RET 2.8 512GB 16GB  (3968770) APPLE MBP 15"" RET 2.8 512GB 16GB  (3968770) APPLE MBP 15"" 2.5GHZ RET 512GB 16GB  (3718272) APPLE MBP 15"" 2.5GHZ RET 512GB 16GB  (3718272) APPLE MBP 15"" 2.7GHZ 512GB RP 455  (4355350) APPLE MBP 15"" 2.5GHZ RET 512GB 16GB  (3718272) APPLE MBP 15"" 2.5GHZ RET 512GB 16GB  (3718272) APPLE MBP 15"" 2.5GHZ RET 512GB 16GB  (3718272) APPLE MBP 15"" 2.5GHZ RET 512GB 16GB  (3718272) Z0RG-2102078114 Z0RG-2102078114 Z0RG-2102078114 Z0RG-2102078114 Z0RG-2102078114 MJLT2LL/A MJLT2LL/A MLH42LL/A MJLT2LL/A MJLT2LL/A MJLT2LL/A MJLT2LL/A PHB01-0000000278 HENDRICKS-BERKADIA LLC 2120 16TH AVE S STE 300 Birmingham APPLE MBP 13"" RET 2.9GHZ 1TB 16GB  (3899175) David Katz Kyle Hunt SC02KX8MJFFRP SC02S60U2G8W SC02S60UQG8W SC02S60YJG8WM SC02S60Z9G8W SC02S81RUG8W SC02QQ1QEG8W SC02QQ5GLG8W SC02SR4PWGTF SC02SC794G8WP SC02SCAHCG8W SC02SG7L6G8WP SC02SG8W1G8W Birmingham/Stephanie  Baine SC02RH1T2FVH8 Birmingham David Etchison C02Q12YDFVH8 Birmingham/Linda Sahawneh C02Q34PBFVH8 Birmingham/Michael  Krombach C02PF5A5FVH8 Birmingham/Royce Emerson    ","inventory macbook's inventory macbook's tuesday, january 10, 2017 3:04 pm inventory wednesday, january 11, 2017 9:12 order nbr order date custome invoice date invoice nbr ship address ship city ship state edc item description manufacturer manufacturer part number serial number fclg193 2/27/14 11302778 2/28/14 kf39783 120 welsh rd horsham pa s749968 3/4/14 11302778 3/4/14 kh13539 s749968 3/4/14 11302778 3/4/14 kh13539 s749968 3/4/14 11302778 3/4/14 kh13539 s749968 3/4/14 11302778 3/4/14 kh13539 2120 16th avenue south, 3rd floor birmingha 2120 16th avenue south, 3rd floor birmingha 2120 16th avenue south, 3rd floor birmingha 2120 16th avenue south, 3rd floor birmingha al al al al s749968 3/4/14 11302778 3/4/14 kh13539 2120 16th avenue south, 3rd floor birmingha al s749968 3/4/14 11302778 3/4/14 kh13539 2120 16th avenue south, 3rd floor birmingha al 2120 16th avenue south, 3rd floor birmingha al 3165299 apple mbp 13.3"" 2.4 128gb 4gb (3165299) apple notebook systems (apn) me864ll/a 3165301 apple mbp 13.3"" 2.6 512gb 8gb (3165301) apple notebook systems (apn) me866ll/a 3165301 apple mbp 13.3"" 2.6 512gb 8gb (3165301) apple notebook systems (apn) me866ll/a 3165301 apple mbp 13.3"" 2.6 512gb 8gb (3165301) apple notebook systems (apn) me866ll/a sc02m8hne fgyy sc02m800v fh01 sc02m804y fh01 sc02m807c fh01 3167728 bto apple mbp 13"" ret 2.8 512gb 16gb (3167728) 3167728 bto apple mbp 13"" ret 2.8 512gb 16gb (3167728) 3167728 bto apple mbp 13"" ret 2.8 512gb 16gb (3167728) macbook pro apple notebook systems (apn) z0qc-21009082 16 sc02m63l1f h05 apple notebook systems (apn) z0qc-21009082 16 sc02m80x1 fh05 apple notebook systems (apn) z0qc-21009082 16 sc02m81f9 fh05 apple notebook systems (apn) c02sg8w 1g8wp update fr april 13 2017 order date customer purchase order ship customer ship address quantity serial number status 02/07/201 02/07/201 02/25/201 02/27/201 03/04/201 03/04/201 03/04/201 03/04/201 03/04/201 03/04/201 03/06/201 03/16/201 03/17/201 03/17/201 03/20/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 03/21/201 n1000-0000001182 n1000-0000001714 n1000-0000003608 n1000-0000002303 adm720 adm720 adm720 adm720 adm720 adm720 al01 al01 n1000-0000003677 n1000-0000003678 lh01 polaris frankruffino polaris frankruffino polaris frankruffino polaris frankruffino polaris frankruffino polaris frankruffino polaris frankruffino polaris frankruffino polaris frankruffino polaris frankruffino 03/21/201 birmingham frankruffino 03/06/201 04/07/201 04/07/201 04/07/201 05/16/201 06/23/201 07/18/201 07/21/201 al01 n1000-0000004555 n1000-0000004555 n1000-0000004555 n1000-0000001338 fr18 lp-1 n1000-0000003961 berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage hendricks-berkadia hendricks-berkadia hendricks-berkadia hendricks-berkadia hendricks-berkadia hendricks-berkadia berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage birmingham page 1036 118 welsh rd 7500 n dreamy draw dr phoenix 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler ship city horsham item description apple mb air 13.3"" 1.7ghz 128gb 4gb (2452712) apple mbp 13.3in 2.9 750gb 8gb sd (2735442) apple mbp 15"" 2.2ghz ret 256gb 16gb (3718271) manufacturer part number mc965ll/a md102ll/a mjlq2ll/a 120 welsh rd horsham apple mbp 13.3"" 2.4 128gb 4gb (3165299) me864ll/a 2120 16th avenue south, 3rd floor 2120 16th avenue south, 3rd floor 2120 16th avenue south, 3rd floor 2120 16th avenue south, 3rd floor 2120 16th avenue south, 3rd floor 2120 16th avenue south, 3rd floor birmingham apple mbp 13.3"" 2.6 512gb 8gb (3165301) me866ll/a birmingham apple mbp 13.3"" 2.6 512gb 8gb (3165301) me866ll/a birmingham apple mbp 13.3"" 2.6 512gb 8gb (3165301) me866ll/a birmingham bto apple mbp 13"" ret 2.8 512gb 16gb z0qc-2100908216 (3167728) birmingham bto apple mbp 13"" ret 2.8 512gb 16gb z0qc-2100908216 (3167728) birmingham bto apple mbp 13"" ret 2.8 512gb 16gb z0qc-2100908216 (3167728) 2120 16th ave ste 300 birmingham apple mba 11"" 1.4 128gb 4gb (3348397) md711ll/b 2120 16th avenue south birmingham apple mbp 13.3in 2.5 500gb 4gb sd md101ll/a 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler (2735438) apple mbp 13"" ret 2.7ghz 256gb 16gb (3899169) apple mbp 13"" ret 2.7ghz 256gb 16gb (3899169) apple bto mbp 15"" ret 2.8 1tb 16gb (3433851) apple mbp 15in ret i7 2.5 512gb 16gb (4300028) apple mbp 15in ret i7 2.5 512gb 16gb (4300028) apple mbp 15in ret i7 2.5 512gb 16gb (4300028) apple mbp 15in ret i7 2.5 512gb 16gb (4300028) apple mbp 15in ret i7 2.5 512gb 16gb (4300028) apple mbp 15in ret i7 2.5 512gb 16gb (4300028) apple mbp 15in ret i7 2.5 512gb 16gb (4300028) apple mbp 15in ret i7 2.5 512gb 16gb (4300028) apple mbp 15in ret i7 2.5 512gb 16gb (4300028) apple mbp 15in ret i7 2.5 512gb 16gb (4300028) apple mbp 15in ret i7 2.5 512gb 16gb (4300028) z0qn-2102000388 z0qn-2102000388 z0rd-2101393137 z0rf-2102377724 z0rf-2102377724 z0rf-2102377724 z0rf-2102377724 z0rf-2102377724 z0rf-2102377724 z0rf-2102377724 z0rf-2102377724 z0rf-2102377724 z0rf-2102377724 z0rf-2102377724 2120 16th ave ste 300 birmingham apple mba 11"" 1.4 128gb 4gb (3348397) md711ll/b -1 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 118 welsh rd horsham apple mbp 15in ret i7 2.5 512gb 16gb (4300028) apple mbp 15in ret i7 2.5 512gb 16gb (4300028) apple mbp 15in ret i7 2.5 512gb 16gb (4300028) apple mb air 13.3"" 1.7ghz 128gb 4gb (2452712) z0rf-2102377724 z0rf-2102377724 z0rf-2102377724 mc965ll/a 2120 16th avenue south birmingham apple mbp bto 13"" 3.1ghz 1tb 16gb z0qp-2101671084 (3643176) 508 prudential rd horsham apple mba 13in 2.0 256gb 8gb (2745301) 2100335101 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler apple mbp 15"" 2.5ghz ret 512gb 16gb (3718272) mjlt2ll/a sc02h4g24djwt sc1mjwg48dty sc02r3fvbg8w sc02m8hnefgyy sc02m800vfh01 birmingham /josh jacobs sc02m804yfh01 sc02m807cfh01 sc02m63l1fh05 birmingham/william park hurst sc02m80x1fh05 sc02m81f9fh05 david etchinson sc02nr15xg083 sc1mp83zydty3 atlanta/dante sc02rd1jffvh6 yes joe amico sc02rc26mfvh6 yes frank ruffino sc02pd2gyg3qp sc02t92v4g8wl sc02t92w0g8w sc02t92w1g8w sc02t92wpg8w sc02tc1hvg8wl birmingham/caleb frizzle sc02tc1hzg8wl sc02tc1j4g8wl sc02tc1nlg8wl sc02tc1nqg8w sc02tc1sng8wl sc02tc1t3g8wl sc02tg0kag8wl sc02tg0kcg8wl sc02tg0kdg8wl sc02hn5scdjwt sc02pv06lgqr6 david etchison sc02j25mgdrvg 07/23/201 08/31/201 08/31/201 08/31/201 08/31/201 09/09/201 11/30/201 11/30/201 12/02/201 12/05/201 12/05/201 12/05/201 12/05/201 04/07/201 n1000-0000001993 verbal -fr verbal -fr verbal -fr verbal -fr verbal-fr2 sh01 sh01 frank-verbal verbalfrank verbalfrank verbalfrank verbalfrank mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage berkadia commercial mortgage 508 prudential rd horsham apple mbp 13.3in 2.6 256gb 8gb (2953458) me662ll/a (3718272) 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler 323 norristown rd ste 300 ambler apple mbp 15"" ret 2.8 512gb 16gb (3968770) apple mbp 15"" ret 2.8 512gb 16gb (3968770) apple mbp 15"" ret 2.8 512gb 16gb (3968770) apple mbp 15"" ret 2.8 512gb 16gb (3968770) apple mbp 15"" ret 2.8 512gb 16gb (3968770) apple mbp 15"" 2.5ghz ret 512gb 16gb (3718272) apple mbp 15"" 2.5ghz ret 512gb 16gb (3718272) apple mbp 15"" 2.7ghz 512gb rp 455 (4355350) apple mbp 15"" 2.5ghz ret 512gb 16gb (3718272) apple mbp 15"" 2.5ghz ret 512gb 16gb (3718272) apple mbp 15"" 2.5ghz ret 512gb 16gb (3718272) apple mbp 15"" 2.5ghz ret 512gb 16gb (3718272) z0rg-2102078114 z0rg-2102078114 z0rg-2102078114 z0rg-2102078114 z0rg-2102078114 mjlt2ll/a mjlt2ll/a mlh42ll/a mjlt2ll/a mjlt2ll/a mjlt2ll/a mjlt2ll/a phb01-0000000278 hendricks-berkadia llc 2120 16th ave ste 300 birmingham apple mbp 13"" ret 2.9ghz 1tb 16gb (3899175) david katz kyle hunt sc02kx8mjffrp sc02s60u2g8w sc02s60uqg8w sc02s60yjg8wm sc02s60z9g8w sc02s81rug8w sc02qq1qeg8w sc02qq5glg8w sc02sr4pwgtf sc02sc794g8wp sc02scahcg8w sc02sg7l6g8wp sc02sg8w1g8w birmingham/stephanie baine sc02rh1t2fvh8 birmingham david etchison c02q12ydfvh8 birmingham/linda sahawneh c02q34pbfvh8 birmingham/michael krombach c02pf5a5fvh8 birmingham/royce emerson"
207,Investment Sales," Wednesday, January 3, 2018 10:17 AM Users from the Investment Sales department should be in the Websense - Investment Sales group in  AD. They should also not be in the Websense - Office365. As of now, the Websense - Investment Sales group grants access to Gmail and Dropbox services. If  there is issues with these sites/programs, troubleshoot first before escalating to Security team. If you see an Investment Sales user in the wrong group, create a ticket and contact the Security team  for approval to add/remove as needed. Sources: Verified with Rick Cox and Dave Gaunt from Security.    ","[72, 0, 188, 775]",[712],"Investment Sales Investment Sales Investment Sales Investment Sales Investment Sales Investment Sales Investment Sales Investment Sales Investment Sales Investment Sales   Wednesday, January 3, 2018 10:17 AM Users from the Investment Sales department should be in the Websense - Investment Sales group in  AD. They should also not be in the Websense - Office365. As of now, the Websense - Investment Sales group grants access to Gmail and Dropbox services. If  there is issues with these sites/programs, troubleshoot first before escalating to Security team. If you see an Investment Sales user in the wrong group, create a ticket and contact the Security team  for approval to add/remove as needed. Sources: Verified with Rick Cox and Dave Gaunt from Security.    ","investment sales investment sales investment sales investment sales investment sales investment sales investment sales investment sales investment sales investment sales wednesday, january 3, 2018 10:17 users investment sales department websense - investment sales group ad. also websense - office365. now, websense - investment sales group grant access gmail dropbox services. issue sites/programs, troubleshoot first escalate security team. see investment sales user wrong group, create ticket contact security team approval add/remove needed. sources: verify rick cox dave gaunt security.","Investment Sales Investment Sales   Wednesday, January 3, 2018 10:17 AM Users from the Investment Sales department should be in the Websense - Investment Sales group in  AD. They should also not be in the Websense - Office365. As of now, the Websense - Investment Sales group grants access to Gmail and Dropbox services. If  there is issues with these sites/programs, troubleshoot first before escalating to Security team. If you see an Investment Sales user in the wrong group, create a ticket and contact the Security team  for approval to add/remove as needed. Sources: Verified with Rick Cox and Dave Gaunt from Security.    ","investment sales investment sales wednesday, january 3, 2018 10:17 users investment sales department websense - investment sales group ad. also websense - office365. now, websense - investment sales group grant access gmail dropbox services. issue sites/programs, troubleshoot first escalate security team. see investment sales user wrong group, create ticket contact security team approval add/remove needed. sources: verify rick cox dave gaunt security."
208,Iron Key Inventory," Wednesday, July 25, 2018 9:17 AM Name Model User Assigned To Date Sent Tech that Shipped IronKey 2 Michay Boyd - Atlanta 7/31 Tim    ","[72, 0, 177, 775]",[1133],"Iron Key Inventory Iron Key Inventory Iron Key Inventory Iron Key Inventory Iron Key Inventory Iron Key Inventory Iron Key Inventory Iron Key Inventory Iron Key Inventory Iron Key Inventory   Wednesday, July 25, 2018 9:17 AM Name Model User Assigned To Date Sent Tech that Shipped IronKey 2 Michay Boyd - Atlanta 7/31 Tim    ","iron key inventory iron key inventory iron key inventory iron key inventory iron key inventory iron key inventory iron key inventory iron key inventory iron key inventory iron key inventory wednesday, july 25, 2018 9:17 name model user assign date send tech ship ironkey 2 michay boyd - atlanta 7/31 tim","Iron Key Inventory Iron Key Inventory   Wednesday, July 25, 2018 9:17 AM Name Model User Assigned To Date Sent Tech that Shipped IronKey 2 Michay Boyd - Atlanta 7/31 Tim    ","iron key inventory iron key inventory wednesday, july 25, 2018 9:17 name model user assign date send tech ship ironkey 2 michay boyd - atlanta 7/31 tim"
209,Jabber Client Installation For Windows," Wednesday, August 28, 2013 11:20 AM Cisco Jabber Video Client Install 1. Click JabberVideoSetup4.5.exe berk Click Run Next 2. 3. 4. Select – I accept the terms in the license agreement  5. 6. 7. 8. 9. Next Install Finish Launch – Jabber Client Click the “Settings” Icon     10. Select – Sign-in Settings 11. In the Server Settings, Type “video.berkadia.com” in all 3 fields 12. 13. 14. Click – OK Sign In You will go through a “Quick Setup”     14. 15. 16. 17. You will go through a “Quick Setup” Next Finish In the Search Bar – You can type a name in the Directory 18. Click on Name or Conference Room you want to add to Favorites     19. Search for the names added into Favorites, by selecting “Favorites Tab” 20. You have completed installing Jabber Client    ","[72, 0, 72, 779]","[811, 814]","Jabber Client Installation For Windows Jabber Client Installation For Windows Jabber Client Installation For Windows Jabber Client Installation For Windows Jabber Client Installation For Windows Jabber Client Installation For Windows Jabber Client Installation For Windows Jabber Client Installation For Windows Jabber Client Installation For Windows Jabber Client Installation For Windows   Wednesday, August 28, 2013 11:20 AM Cisco Jabber Video Client Install 1. Click JabberVideoSetup4.5.exe berk Click Run Next 2. 3. 4. Select – I accept the terms in the license agreement  5. 6. 7. 8. 9. Next Install Finish Launch – Jabber Client Click the “Settings” Icon     10. Select – Sign-in Settings 11. In the Server Settings, Type “video.berkadia.com” in all 3 fields 12. 13. 14. Click – OK Sign In You will go through a “Quick Setup”     14. 15. 16. 17. You will go through a “Quick Setup” Next Finish In the Search Bar – You can type a name in the Directory 18. Click on Name or Conference Room you want to add to Favorites     19. Search for the names added into Favorites, by selecting “Favorites Tab” 20. You have completed installing Jabber Client    ","jabber client installation windows jabber client installation windows jabber client installation windows jabber client installation windows jabber client installation windows jabber client installation windows jabber client installation windows jabber client installation windows jabber client installation windows jabber client installation windows wednesday, august 28, 2013 11:20 cisco jabber video client install 1. click jabbervideosetup4.5.exe berk click run next 2. 3. 4. select – accept term license agreement 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. next install finish launch – jabber client click “settings” icon 10. select – sign-in settings 11. server settings, type “video.berkadia.com” 3 field 12. 13. 14. click – ok sign go “quick setup” 14. 15. 16. 17. go “quick setup” next finish search bar – type name directory 18. click name conference room want add favorites 19. search name add favorites, select “favorites tab” 20. complete instal jabber client","Jabber Client Installation For Windows Jabber Client Installation For Windows   Wednesday, August 28, 2013 11:20 AM Cisco Jabber Video Client Install 1. Click JabberVideoSetup4.5.exe berk Click Run Next 2. 3. 4. Select – I accept the terms in the license agreement  5. 6. 7. 8. 9. Next Install Finish Launch – Jabber Client Click the “Settings” Icon     10. Select – Sign-in Settings 11. In the Server Settings, Type “video.berkadia.com” in all 3 fields 12. 13. 14. Click – OK Sign In You will go through a “Quick Setup”     14. 15. 16. 17. You will go through a “Quick Setup” Next Finish In the Search Bar – You can type a name in the Directory 18. Click on Name or Conference Room you want to add to Favorites     19. Search for the names added into Favorites, by selecting “Favorites Tab” 20. You have completed installing Jabber Client    ","jabber client installation windows jabber client installation windows wednesday, august 28, 2013 11:20 cisco jabber video client install 1. click jabbervideosetup4.5.exe berk click run next 2. 3. 4. select – accept term license agreement 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. next install finish launch – jabber client click “settings” icon 10. select – sign-in settings 11. server settings, type “video.berkadia.com” 3 field 12. 13. 14. click – ok sign go “quick setup” 14. 15. 16. 17. go “quick setup” next finish search bar – type name directory 18. click name conference room want add favorites 19. search name add favorites, select “favorites tab” 20. complete instal jabber client"
210,Jim Fisher," Sunday, June 26, 2016 4:12 PM 2 x HP EliteDisplay E221 1 x HP Ultraslim docking station 1 x HP 9480m laptop HP wireless keyboard & mouse combo Cisco 7945 phone    ","[72, 0, 162, 775]",[963],"Jim Fisher Jim Fisher Jim Fisher Jim Fisher Jim Fisher Jim Fisher Jim Fisher Jim Fisher Jim Fisher Jim Fisher   Sunday, June 26, 2016 4:12 PM 2 x HP EliteDisplay E221 1 x HP Ultraslim docking station 1 x HP 9480m laptop HP wireless keyboard & mouse combo Cisco 7945 phone    ","jim fisher jim fisher jim fisher jim fisher jim fisher jim fisher jim fisher jim fisher jim fisher jim fisher sunday, june 26, 2016 4:12 pm 2 x hp elitedisplay e221 1 x hp ultraslim dock station 1 x hp 9480m laptop hp wireless keyboard & mouse combo cisco 7945 phone","Jim Fisher Jim Fisher   Sunday, June 26, 2016 4:12 PM 2 x HP EliteDisplay E221 1 x HP Ultraslim docking station 1 x HP 9480m laptop HP wireless keyboard & mouse combo Cisco 7945 phone    ","jim fisher jim fisher sunday, june 26, 2016 4:12 pm 2 x hp elitedisplay e221 1 x hp ultraslim dock station 1 x hp 9480m laptop hp wireless keyboard & mouse combo cisco 7945 phone"
211,Jim McBirney," Sunday, June 26, 2016 6:12 PM 2 x HP EliteDisplay E221 1 x HP Compaq Elite 8000 desktop HP wired PS2 mouse & keyboard (mouse is not laser, has ball inside) Cisco 7945 phone         ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[974, 975]","Jim McBirney Jim McBirney Jim McBirney Jim McBirney Jim McBirney Jim McBirney Jim McBirney Jim McBirney Jim McBirney Jim McBirney   Sunday, June 26, 2016 6:12 PM 2 x HP EliteDisplay E221 1 x HP Compaq Elite 8000 desktop HP wired PS2 mouse & keyboard (mouse is not laser, has ball inside) Cisco 7945 phone         ","jim mcbirney jim mcbirney jim mcbirney jim mcbirney jim mcbirney jim mcbirney jim mcbirney jim mcbirney jim mcbirney jim mcbirney sunday, june 26, 2016 6:12 pm 2 x hp elitedisplay e221 1 x hp compaq elite 8000 desktop hp wire ps2 mouse & keyboard (mouse laser, ball inside) cisco 7945 phone","Jim McBirney Jim McBirney   Sunday, June 26, 2016 6:12 PM 2 x HP EliteDisplay E221 1 x HP Compaq Elite 8000 desktop HP wired PS2 mouse & keyboard (mouse is not laser, has ball inside) Cisco 7945 phone         ","jim mcbirney jim mcbirney sunday, june 26, 2016 6:12 pm 2 x hp elitedisplay e221 1 x hp compaq elite 8000 desktop hp wire ps2 mouse & keyboard (mouse laser, ball inside) cisco 7945 phone"
212,Joining  PC to the domain," Thursday, February 1, 2018 8:44 AM DOCUMENTATION IN PROGRESS At the time of this edit, only Investment Sales users have contracted approval to join employee- owned computer to the domain for work. We should not be joining non-IS computer  Only Windows Pro or Enterprise versions can be joined to the domain Follow the basic steps to join Windows PC to the domain from Advanced System settings. Install SCCM client and SCEP, make sure no other antivirus is running (uninstall if found). You may have to check Firewall settings that could block SCCM    ","[72, 0, 182, 775]",[690],"Joining  PC to the domain Joining  PC to the domain Joining  PC to the domain Joining  PC to the domain Joining  PC to the domain Joining  PC to the domain Joining  PC to the domain Joining  PC to the domain Joining  PC to the domain Joining  PC to the domain   Thursday, February 1, 2018 8:44 AM DOCUMENTATION IN PROGRESS At the time of this edit, only Investment Sales users have contracted approval to join employee- owned computer to the domain for work. We should not be joining non-IS computer  Only Windows Pro or Enterprise versions can be joined to the domain Follow the basic steps to join Windows PC to the domain from Advanced System settings. Install SCCM client and SCEP, make sure no other antivirus is running (uninstall if found). You may have to check Firewall settings that could block SCCM    ","join pc domain join pc domain join pc domain join pc domain join pc domain join pc domain join pc domain join pc domain join pc domain join pc domain thursday, february 1, 2018 8:44 documentation progress time edit, investment sales users contract approval join employee- own computer domain work. join non-is computer windows pro enterprise versions join domain follow basic step join windows pc domain advance system settings. install sccm client scep, make sure antivirus run (uninstall found). may check firewall settings could block sccm","Joining  PC to the domain Joining  PC to the domain   Thursday, February 1, 2018 8:44 AM DOCUMENTATION IN PROGRESS At the time of this edit, only Investment Sales users have contracted approval to join employee- owned computer to the domain for work. We should not be joining non-IS computer  Only Windows Pro or Enterprise versions can be joined to the domain Follow the basic steps to join Windows PC to the domain from Advanced System settings. Install SCCM client and SCEP, make sure no other antivirus is running (uninstall if found). You may have to check Firewall settings that could block SCCM    ","join pc domain join pc domain thursday, february 1, 2018 8:44 documentation progress time edit, investment sales users contract approval join employee- own computer domain work. join non-is computer windows pro enterprise versions join domain follow basic step join windows pc domain advance system settings. install sccm client scep, make sure antivirus run (uninstall found). may check firewall settings could block sccm"
213,Kanban Guidelines," Friday, February 16, 2018 10:08 AM http://tfs.berkadia.com/tfs/Enterprise/Common/Kanban%20Team%20Help%20Desk/_backlogs? level=Backlog%20items&showParents=false&_a=backlog The HelpDesk Kanban board is intended for long term projects and for issues that couldn't be  resolved within 30 days. Create a backlog item of the task that you are working on and track it throughout the months.    ","[72, 0, 175, 775]",[69],"Kanban Guidelines Kanban Guidelines Kanban Guidelines Kanban Guidelines Kanban Guidelines Kanban Guidelines Kanban Guidelines Kanban Guidelines Kanban Guidelines Kanban Guidelines   Friday, February 16, 2018 10:08 AM http://tfs.berkadia.com/tfs/Enterprise/Common/Kanban%20Team%20Help%20Desk/_backlogs? level=Backlog%20items&showParents=false&_a=backlog The HelpDesk Kanban board is intended for long term projects and for issues that couldn't be  resolved within 30 days. Create a backlog item of the task that you are working on and track it throughout the months.    ","kanban guidelines kanban guidelines kanban guidelines kanban guidelines kanban guidelines kanban guidelines kanban guidelines kanban guidelines kanban guidelines kanban guidelines friday, february 16, 2018 10:08 http://tfs.berkadia.com/tfs/enterprise/common/kanban%20team%20help%20desk/_backlogs level=backlog%20items&showparents=false&_a=backlog helpdesk kanban board intend long term project issue resolve within 30 days. create backlog item task work track throughout months.","Kanban Guidelines Kanban Guidelines   Friday, February 16, 2018 10:08 AM http://tfs.berkadia.com/tfs/Enterprise/Common/Kanban%20Team%20Help%20Desk/_backlogs? level=Backlog%20items&showParents=false&_a=backlog The HelpDesk Kanban board is intended for long term projects and for issues that couldn't be  resolved within 30 days. Create a backlog item of the task that you are working on and track it throughout the months.    ","kanban guidelines kanban guidelines friday, february 16, 2018 10:08 http://tfs.berkadia.com/tfs/enterprise/common/kanban%20team%20help%20desk/_backlogs level=backlog%20items&showparents=false&_a=backlog helpdesk kanban board intend long term project issue resolve within 30 days. create backlog item task work track throughout months."
214,Karla Borbon," Sunday, June 26, 2016 6:55 PM 2 x HP EliteDisplay E221 1 x HP Docking station (older 9470 compatible model) 1 x HP 9470m laptop HP USB keyboard & mouse Cisco 7945 phone    ","[70, 0, 157, 776]",[982],"Karla Borbon Karla Borbon Karla Borbon Karla Borbon Karla Borbon Karla Borbon Karla Borbon Karla Borbon Karla Borbon Karla Borbon   Sunday, June 26, 2016 6:55 PM 2 x HP EliteDisplay E221 1 x HP Docking station (older 9470 compatible model) 1 x HP 9470m laptop HP USB keyboard & mouse Cisco 7945 phone    ","karla borbon karla borbon karla borbon karla borbon karla borbon karla borbon karla borbon karla borbon karla borbon karla borbon sunday, june 26, 2016 6:55 pm 2 x hp elitedisplay e221 1 x hp dock station (older 9470 compatible model) 1 x hp 9470m laptop hp usb keyboard & mouse cisco 7945 phone","Karla Borbon Karla Borbon   Sunday, June 26, 2016 6:55 PM 2 x HP EliteDisplay E221 1 x HP Docking station (older 9470 compatible model) 1 x HP 9470m laptop HP USB keyboard & mouse Cisco 7945 phone    ","karla borbon karla borbon sunday, june 26, 2016 6:55 pm 2 x hp elitedisplay e221 1 x hp dock station (older 9470 compatible model) 1 x hp 9470m laptop hp usb keyboard & mouse cisco 7945 phone"
215,Keychain Issues," Wednesday, March 02, 2016 8:37 AM    ","[72, 0, 188, 779]",[571],"Keychain Issues Keychain Issues Keychain Issues Keychain Issues Keychain Issues Keychain Issues Keychain Issues Keychain Issues Keychain Issues Keychain Issues   Wednesday, March 02, 2016 8:37 AM    ","keychain issue keychain issue keychain issue keychain issue keychain issue keychain issue keychain issue keychain issue keychain issue keychain issue wednesday, march 02, 2016 8:37","Keychain Issues Keychain Issues   Wednesday, March 02, 2016 8:37 AM    ","keychain issue keychain issue wednesday, march 02, 2016 8:37"
216,Known Issues with Thin Clients," Sunday, July 15, 2018 3:40 PM Trust Relationship Error while trying to Login. Rejoining the Domain will fix the issue. Login as Administrator, Disable Write Filter, Restart the TC, Rejoin the Domain, Restart and Enable the Write Filter. Unable to launch applications from RDS Clear Temp files from Z drive. Thin Client Auto Restart  Make sure Thin Client have the latest image. BerK_D0Q_64GB_0A62_05_18 Write Filter Automatically Turning Off Issue fixed in Latest Image. If you still see any of the thin client with UWF off, Cleanup the user profiles and enable the write filter.    ","[61, 2, 136, 780]",[1053],"Known Issues with Thin Clients Known Issues with Thin Clients Known Issues with Thin Clients Known Issues with Thin Clients Known Issues with Thin Clients Known Issues with Thin Clients Known Issues with Thin Clients Known Issues with Thin Clients Known Issues with Thin Clients Known Issues with Thin Clients   Sunday, July 15, 2018 3:40 PM Trust Relationship Error while trying to Login. Rejoining the Domain will fix the issue. Login as Administrator, Disable Write Filter, Restart the TC, Rejoin the Domain, Restart and Enable the Write Filter. Unable to launch applications from RDS Clear Temp files from Z drive. Thin Client Auto Restart  Make sure Thin Client have the latest image. BerK_D0Q_64GB_0A62_05_18 Write Filter Automatically Turning Off Issue fixed in Latest Image. If you still see any of the thin client with UWF off, Cleanup the user profiles and enable the write filter.    ","know issue thin clients know issue thin clients know issue thin clients know issue thin clients know issue thin clients know issue thin clients know issue thin clients know issue thin clients know issue thin clients know issue thin clients sunday, july 15, 2018 3:40 pm trust relationship error try login. rejoin domain fix issue. login administrator, disable write filter, restart tc, rejoin domain, restart enable write filter. unable launch applications rds clear temp file z drive. thin client auto restart make sure thin client latest image. berk_d0q_64gb_0a62_05_18 write filter automatically turn issue fix latest image. still see thin client uwf off, cleanup user profile enable write filter.","Known Issues with Thin Clients Known Issues with Thin Clients   Sunday, July 15, 2018 3:40 PM Trust Relationship Error while trying to Login. Rejoining the Domain will fix the issue. Login as Administrator, Disable Write Filter, Restart the TC, Rejoin the Domain, Restart and Enable the Write Filter. Unable to launch applications from RDS Clear Temp files from Z drive. Thin Client Auto Restart  Make sure Thin Client have the latest image. BerK_D0Q_64GB_0A62_05_18 Write Filter Automatically Turning Off Issue fixed in Latest Image. If you still see any of the thin client with UWF off, Cleanup the user profiles and enable the write filter.    ","know issue thin clients know issue thin clients sunday, july 15, 2018 3:40 pm trust relationship error try login. rejoin domain fix issue. login administrator, disable write filter, restart tc, rejoin domain, restart enable write filter. unable launch applications rds clear temp file z drive. thin client auto restart make sure thin client latest image. berk_d0q_64gb_0a62_05_18 write filter automatically turn issue fix latest image. still see thin client uwf off, cleanup user profile enable write filter."
217,LAPS Local Admin Password Solution," Thursday, November 16, 2017 2:28 PM Having one local administrator password across our domain was identified as a major vulnerability.  This vulnerability provides attackers with a single point of failure to target; one password affords  access to nearly every machine in our domain. The LAPS tool sets a randomized password for the  local admin account on each individual computer. It should also be noted that this randomized  password periodically changes as computers sync with Active Directory. There are a few methods that we can use to view this random password: Method 1of3 1. Open Active Directory Users and Computers and expand gmaccm.com->Berkadia->Workstations  locate and expand the correct site OU, then highlight the OU. In this case I’m going to use my own  laptop for example so I’m highlighting the PAHOR OU to scroll down and locate “PAAMBTSIEBER2L.”  Unfortunately, if you simply perform a search for the computer name, this process will fail as we will  not be able to view an additional tab called “Attribute Editor.” 2. Double click the computer name, a new window will open. Select the “Attribute Editor” tab and then  look for the “ms-Mcs-AdmPwd” field. This is the new current local admin password for the computer  in question.     3. If you do not see the Attribute Editor tab, please ensure you have “Advanced Features” selected  under view tab on the main AD Users and Computers window. 4. To make finding the “ms-Mcs-AdmPwd” field easier, select “Filter” while still in the Attribute Editor  window. From there select “Show only attributes that have values.” This will eliminate excess fields  to look through and speed up the process.      Method 2of3 1. 2. Browse to \\gmaccm.com\wds\servers\laps\laps\ Launch AdmPwd.UI.exe  using your -adm account 3. You’ll see the following box pop up, enter the computer name, then select Search. As an added  bonus of this particular tool, you’ll also see when this temporary password is due to be refreshed.      Method 3of3 Using this method assumes that you already actively utilize Powershell in our environment and  have the necessary .PS1 file installed in your Powershell directory. 1. Launch Powershell as your -adm account and enter the following script. I’ve used my laptop name  again as an example. Get-adcomputer PAAMBTSIEBER2L -Properties * | select -ExpandProperty ms-Mcs-AdmPwd 2. You should see this output including the current randomly generated password outlined below.    ","[55, 0, 55, 775]","[1056, 1059]","LAPS Local Admin Password Solution LAPS Local Admin Password Solution LAPS Local Admin Password Solution LAPS Local Admin Password Solution LAPS Local Admin Password Solution LAPS Local Admin Password Solution LAPS Local Admin Password Solution LAPS Local Admin Password Solution LAPS Local Admin Password Solution LAPS Local Admin Password Solution   Thursday, November 16, 2017 2:28 PM Having one local administrator password across our domain was identified as a major vulnerability.  This vulnerability provides attackers with a single point of failure to target; one password affords  access to nearly every machine in our domain. The LAPS tool sets a randomized password for the  local admin account on each individual computer. It should also be noted that this randomized  password periodically changes as computers sync with Active Directory. There are a few methods that we can use to view this random password: Method 1of3 1. Open Active Directory Users and Computers and expand gmaccm.com->Berkadia->Workstations  locate and expand the correct site OU, then highlight the OU. In this case I’m going to use my own  laptop for example so I’m highlighting the PAHOR OU to scroll down and locate “PAAMBTSIEBER2L.”  Unfortunately, if you simply perform a search for the computer name, this process will fail as we will  not be able to view an additional tab called “Attribute Editor.” 2. Double click the computer name, a new window will open. Select the “Attribute Editor” tab and then  look for the “ms-Mcs-AdmPwd” field. This is the new current local admin password for the computer  in question.     3. If you do not see the Attribute Editor tab, please ensure you have “Advanced Features” selected  under view tab on the main AD Users and Computers window. 4. To make finding the “ms-Mcs-AdmPwd” field easier, select “Filter” while still in the Attribute Editor  window. From there select “Show only attributes that have values.” This will eliminate excess fields  to look through and speed up the process.      Method 2of3 1. 2. Browse to \\gmaccm.com\wds\servers\laps\laps\ Launch AdmPwd.UI.exe  using your -adm account 3. You’ll see the following box pop up, enter the computer name, then select Search. As an added  bonus of this particular tool, you’ll also see when this temporary password is due to be refreshed.      Method 3of3 Using this method assumes that you already actively utilize Powershell in our environment and  have the necessary .PS1 file installed in your Powershell directory. 1. Launch Powershell as your -adm account and enter the following script. I’ve used my laptop name  again as an example. Get-adcomputer PAAMBTSIEBER2L -Properties * | select -ExpandProperty ms-Mcs-AdmPwd 2. You should see this output including the current randomly generated password outlined below.    ","lap local admin password solution lap local admin password solution lap local admin password solution lap local admin password solution lap local admin password solution lap local admin password solution lap local admin password solution lap local admin password solution lap local admin password solution lap local admin password solution thursday, november 16, 2017 2:28 pm one local administrator password across domain identify major vulnerability. vulnerability provide attackers single point failure target; one password afford access nearly every machine domain. lap tool set randomize password local admin account individual computer. also note randomize password periodically change computers sync active directory. methods use view random password: method 1of3 1. open active directory users computers expand gmaccm.com->berkadia->workstations locate expand correct site ou, highlight ou. case i’m go use laptop example i’m highlight pahor ou scroll locate “paambtsieber2l.” unfortunately, simply perform search computer name, process fail able view additional tab call “attribute editor.” 2. double click computer name, new window open. select “attribute editor” tab look “ms-mcs-admpwd” field. new current local admin password computer question. 3. see attribute editor tab, please ensure “advanced features” select view tab main ad users computers window. 4. make find “ms-mcs-admpwd” field easier, select “filter” still attribute editor window. select “show attribute values.” eliminate excess field look speed process. method 2of3 1. 2. browse \\gmaccm.com\wds\servers\laps\laps\ launch admpwd.ui.exe use -adm account 3. you’ll see follow box pop up, enter computer name, select search. add bonus particular tool, you’ll also see temporary password due refreshed. method 3of3 use method assume already actively utilize powershell environment necessary .ps1 file instal powershell directory. 1. launch powershell -adm account enter follow script. i’ve use laptop name example. get-adcomputer paambtsieber2l -properties * | select -expandproperty ms-mcs-admpwd 2. see output include current randomly generate password outline below.","LAPS Local Admin Password Solution LAPS Local Admin Password Solution   Thursday, November 16, 2017 2:28 PM Having one local administrator password across our domain was identified as a major vulnerability.  This vulnerability provides attackers with a single point of failure to target; one password affords  access to nearly every machine in our domain. The LAPS tool sets a randomized password for the  local admin account on each individual computer. It should also be noted that this randomized  password periodically changes as computers sync with Active Directory. There are a few methods that we can use to view this random password: Method 1of3 1. Open Active Directory Users and Computers and expand gmaccm.com->Berkadia->Workstations  locate and expand the correct site OU, then highlight the OU. In this case I’m going to use my own  laptop for example so I’m highlighting the PAHOR OU to scroll down and locate “PAAMBTSIEBER2L.”  Unfortunately, if you simply perform a search for the computer name, this process will fail as we will  not be able to view an additional tab called “Attribute Editor.” 2. Double click the computer name, a new window will open. Select the “Attribute Editor” tab and then  look for the “ms-Mcs-AdmPwd” field. This is the new current local admin password for the computer  in question.     3. If you do not see the Attribute Editor tab, please ensure you have “Advanced Features” selected  under view tab on the main AD Users and Computers window. 4. To make finding the “ms-Mcs-AdmPwd” field easier, select “Filter” while still in the Attribute Editor  window. From there select “Show only attributes that have values.” This will eliminate excess fields  to look through and speed up the process.      Method 2of3 1. 2. Browse to \\gmaccm.com\wds\servers\laps\laps\ Launch AdmPwd.UI.exe  using your -adm account 3. You’ll see the following box pop up, enter the computer name, then select Search. As an added  bonus of this particular tool, you’ll also see when this temporary password is due to be refreshed.      Method 3of3 Using this method assumes that you already actively utilize Powershell in our environment and  have the necessary .PS1 file installed in your Powershell directory. 1. Launch Powershell as your -adm account and enter the following script. I’ve used my laptop name  again as an example. Get-adcomputer PAAMBTSIEBER2L -Properties * | select -ExpandProperty ms-Mcs-AdmPwd 2. You should see this output including the current randomly generated password outlined below.    ","lap local admin password solution lap local admin password solution thursday, november 16, 2017 2:28 pm one local administrator password across domain identify major vulnerability. vulnerability provide attackers single point failure target; one password afford access nearly every machine domain. lap tool set randomize password local admin account individual computer. also note randomize password periodically change computers sync active directory. methods use view random password: method 1of3 1. open active directory users computers expand gmaccm.com->berkadia->workstations locate expand correct site ou, highlight ou. case i’m go use laptop example i’m highlight pahor ou scroll locate “paambtsieber2l.” unfortunately, simply perform search computer name, process fail able view additional tab call “attribute editor.” 2. double click computer name, new window open. select “attribute editor” tab look “ms-mcs-admpwd” field. new current local admin password computer question. 3. see attribute editor tab, please ensure “advanced features” select view tab main ad users computers window. 4. make find “ms-mcs-admpwd” field easier, select “filter” still attribute editor window. select “show attribute values.” eliminate excess field look speed process. method 2of3 1. 2. browse \\gmaccm.com\wds\servers\laps\laps\ launch admpwd.ui.exe use -adm account 3. you’ll see follow box pop up, enter computer name, select search. add bonus particular tool, you’ll also see temporary password due refreshed. method 3of3 use method assume already actively utilize powershell environment necessary .ps1 file instal powershell directory. 1. launch powershell -adm account enter follow script. i’ve use laptop name example. get-adcomputer paambtsieber2l -properties * | select -expandproperty ms-mcs-admpwd 2. see output include current randomly generate password outline below."
218,Layout," Monday, July 23, 2018 3:18 PM      Monday, July 23, 2018 2:56 PM    ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[845, 848]","Layout Layout Layout Layout Layout Layout Layout Layout Layout Layout   Monday, July 23, 2018 3:18 PM      Monday, July 23, 2018 2:56 PM    ","layout layout layout layout layout layout layout layout layout layout monday, july 23, 2018 3:18 pm monday, july 23, 2018 2:56 pm","Layout Layout   Monday, July 23, 2018 3:18 PM      Monday, July 23, 2018 2:56 PM    ","layout layout monday, july 23, 2018 3:18 pm monday, july 23, 2018 2:56 pm"
219,Library Rebuild Error," Thursday, January 07, 2016 11:10 AM If you are getting an issue wit the Library needs to be fixed and you do not have permissions please follow these steps. In finder go to the ""Users"" Folder and right click the affect user's folder and go to ""get Info"" From here down at the bottom of the new window Expand the Sharing and Permissions.  Next you will need to unlock the lock in the bottom right to make changes. After this Click on the users name and make  sure they have ""Read & Write"" access then click the small cog in the bottom left and select ""apply to enclosed items""  This will repair the permissions and allow you to repair the Library          ","[70, 0, 70, 780]","[568, 569]","Library Rebuild Error Library Rebuild Error Library Rebuild Error Library Rebuild Error Library Rebuild Error Library Rebuild Error Library Rebuild Error Library Rebuild Error Library Rebuild Error Library Rebuild Error   Thursday, January 07, 2016 11:10 AM If you are getting an issue wit the Library needs to be fixed and you do not have permissions please follow these steps. In finder go to the ""Users"" Folder and right click the affect user's folder and go to ""get Info"" From here down at the bottom of the new window Expand the Sharing and Permissions.  Next you will need to unlock the lock in the bottom right to make changes. After this Click on the users name and make  sure they have ""Read & Write"" access then click the small cog in the bottom left and select ""apply to enclosed items""  This will repair the permissions and allow you to repair the Library          ","library rebuild error library rebuild error library rebuild error library rebuild error library rebuild error library rebuild error library rebuild error library rebuild error library rebuild error library rebuild error thursday, january 07, 2016 11:10 get issue wit library need fix permissions please follow steps. finder go ""users"" folder right click affect user's folder go ""get info"" bottom new window expand share permissions. next need unlock lock bottom right make changes. click users name make sure ""read & write"" access click small cog bottom leave select ""apply enclose items"" repair permissions allow repair library","Library Rebuild Error Library Rebuild Error   Thursday, January 07, 2016 11:10 AM If you are getting an issue wit the Library needs to be fixed and you do not have permissions please follow these steps. In finder go to the ""Users"" Folder and right click the affect user's folder and go to ""get Info"" From here down at the bottom of the new window Expand the Sharing and Permissions.  Next you will need to unlock the lock in the bottom right to make changes. After this Click on the users name and make  sure they have ""Read & Write"" access then click the small cog in the bottom left and select ""apply to enclosed items""  This will repair the permissions and allow you to repair the Library          ","library rebuild error library rebuild error thursday, january 07, 2016 11:10 get issue wit library need fix permissions please follow steps. finder go ""users"" folder right click affect user's folder go ""get info"" bottom new window expand share permissions. next need unlock lock bottom right make changes. click users name make sure ""read & write"" access click small cog bottom leave select ""apply enclose items"" repair permissions allow repair library"
220,Lockout tools," Thursday, February 22, 2018 11:32 AM    ","[72, 0, 187, 775]",[101],"Lockout tools Lockout tools Lockout tools Lockout tools Lockout tools Lockout tools Lockout tools Lockout tools Lockout tools Lockout tools   Thursday, February 22, 2018 11:32 AM    ","lockout tool lockout tool lockout tool lockout tool lockout tool lockout tool lockout tool lockout tool lockout tool lockout tool thursday, february 22, 2018 11:32","Lockout tools Lockout tools   Thursday, February 22, 2018 11:32 AM    ","lockout tool lockout tool thursday, february 22, 2018 11:32"
221,Mac WiFi Troubleshooting," Tuesday, March 27, 2018 1:27 PM We have noticed that Mac users sometimes have difficulty connecting to our corporate WiFi  network. 1. 2. 3. Make sure the Mac is wired to the network (dock or dongle). Open Terminal. Run ""adgpupdate"" to refresh user and computer policies. If that does not resolve WiFi disconnect issue: 1. 2. 3. 4. Open System Preferences. Go to Profiles. Remove the 3 Device Profiles available. Run ""adgpupdate"" again. This should rebuild the 3 network profiles.    ","[72, 0, 276, 775]",[654],"Mac WiFi Troubleshooting Mac WiFi Troubleshooting Mac WiFi Troubleshooting Mac WiFi Troubleshooting Mac WiFi Troubleshooting Mac WiFi Troubleshooting Mac WiFi Troubleshooting Mac WiFi Troubleshooting Mac WiFi Troubleshooting Mac WiFi Troubleshooting   Tuesday, March 27, 2018 1:27 PM We have noticed that Mac users sometimes have difficulty connecting to our corporate WiFi  network. 1. 2. 3. Make sure the Mac is wired to the network (dock or dongle). Open Terminal. Run ""adgpupdate"" to refresh user and computer policies. If that does not resolve WiFi disconnect issue: 1. 2. 3. 4. Open System Preferences. Go to Profiles. Remove the 3 Device Profiles available. Run ""adgpupdate"" again. This should rebuild the 3 network profiles.    ","mac wifi troubleshoot mac wifi troubleshoot mac wifi troubleshoot mac wifi troubleshoot mac wifi troubleshoot mac wifi troubleshoot mac wifi troubleshoot mac wifi troubleshoot mac wifi troubleshoot mac wifi troubleshoot tuesday, march 27, 2018 1:27 pm notice mac users sometimes difficulty connect corporate wifi network. 1. 2. 3. make sure mac wire network (dock dongle). open terminal. run ""adgpupdate"" refresh user computer policies. resolve wifi disconnect issue: 1. 2. 3. 4. open system preferences. go profiles. remove 3 device profile available. run ""adgpupdate"" again. rebuild 3 network profiles.","Mac WiFi Troubleshooting Mac WiFi Troubleshooting   Tuesday, March 27, 2018 1:27 PM We have noticed that Mac users sometimes have difficulty connecting to our corporate WiFi  network. 1. 2. 3. Make sure the Mac is wired to the network (dock or dongle). Open Terminal. Run ""adgpupdate"" to refresh user and computer policies. If that does not resolve WiFi disconnect issue: 1. 2. 3. 4. Open System Preferences. Go to Profiles. Remove the 3 Device Profiles available. Run ""adgpupdate"" again. This should rebuild the 3 network profiles.    ","mac wifi troubleshoot mac wifi troubleshoot tuesday, march 27, 2018 1:27 pm notice mac users sometimes difficulty connect corporate wifi network. 1. 2. 3. make sure mac wire network (dock dongle). open terminal. run ""adgpupdate"" refresh user computer policies. resolve wifi disconnect issue: 1. 2. 3. 4. open system preferences. go profiles. remove 3 device profile available. run ""adgpupdate"" again. rebuild 3 network profiles."
222,Macbook Build Checklists - Team Polaris," Thursday, January 18, 2018 8:06 AM Use these checklists when building a MacBook for Team Polaris. New Macbook Pro (in box) New Mac Build Che... Repurpose an existing Macbook Pro Repurpose Mac Build...    ","[72, 0, 182, 775]",[1151],"Macbook Build Checklists - Team Polaris Macbook Build Checklists - Team Polaris Macbook Build Checklists - Team Polaris Macbook Build Checklists - Team Polaris Macbook Build Checklists - Team Polaris Macbook Build Checklists - Team Polaris Macbook Build Checklists - Team Polaris Macbook Build Checklists - Team Polaris Macbook Build Checklists - Team Polaris Macbook Build Checklists - Team Polaris   Thursday, January 18, 2018 8:06 AM Use these checklists when building a MacBook for Team Polaris. New Macbook Pro (in box) New Mac Build Che... Repurpose an existing Macbook Pro Repurpose Mac Build...    ","macbook build checklists - team polaris macbook build checklists - team polaris macbook build checklists - team polaris macbook build checklists - team polaris macbook build checklists - team polaris macbook build checklists - team polaris macbook build checklists - team polaris macbook build checklists - team polaris macbook build checklists - team polaris macbook build checklists - team polaris thursday, january 18, 2018 8:06 use checklists build macbook team polaris. new macbook pro (in box) new mac build che... repurpose exist macbook pro repurpose mac build...","Macbook Build Checklists - Team Polaris Macbook Build Checklists - Team Polaris   Thursday, January 18, 2018 8:06 AM Use these checklists when building a MacBook for Team Polaris. New Macbook Pro (in box) New Mac Build Che... Repurpose an existing Macbook Pro Repurpose Mac Build...    ","macbook build checklists - team polaris macbook build checklists - team polaris thursday, january 18, 2018 8:06 use checklists build macbook team polaris. new macbook pro (in box) new mac build che... repurpose exist macbook pro repurpose mac build..."
223,Macbook Pro 2017," Thursday, January 25, 2018 11:19 AM Hi Team, I just wanted to keep you in the loop on some of the changes coming with newly deployed  Macbooks.  We’ve been using a relatively dated model: Macbook pro Mid-2015 15” Retina Sierra 10.12.6 2.8ghz Intel Core i7 16gb RAM (non expandable) 500gb SSD Hard Drive Intel Iris pro graphics Unfortunately we’ve been having difficulty obtaining adequate supply from CDW. As our tempo for  hiring Polaris developers continues to increase, we’ve been testing an alternate model to fulfill  upcoming requests. Meet the 2017 Macbook pro with Touchbar (MPTT2L/A): High Sierra 10.13.1 downgraded to 10.12.6 2.9ghz Intel Core i7 16gb RAM (non expandable) 500gb SSD Hard Drive Intel HD Graphics 630 (USB-C / Thunderbolt 3 Only) If you’ve seen our current model Macbook Pro in use, you’ll notice this Macbook is a different color  and uses an alternate docking station and external dongles due to it containing only USB-C  connectors.      Shown with the older model (bottom) we’ve been deploying, dimensions differ slightly, side by side  comparison to show ports on right.      Ports on left.      Top view. (Older model left)      Touchbar – (Above the number keys) These are not physical buttons and can be customized per user  preference. To view F1-12 keys, press ""fn"" in lower left hand corner of the keyboard.      New docking station, the USB-C ports handle power needs and data. The port that goes directly to  the Macbook is denoted by a small computer logo to the left of the ethernet port below. You’ll also  have 2 Display Ports, 1 HDMI port, an additional USB-C port, 4 USB 3.0 ports and mic/speaker ports.  You can also toggle power from the rear of the dock on the far left.      Dock side view.      You can plug a USB-C connector into any port on the new Macbook to deliver power and port  replication/expansion.      Dongles included are shown below. These would be useful for travel or in a conference room.           Dongle connectors. Yup, you guessed it, USB-C         ","[64, 2, 64, 778]","[1268, 1279]","Macbook Pro 2017 Macbook Pro 2017 Macbook Pro 2017 Macbook Pro 2017 Macbook Pro 2017 Macbook Pro 2017 Macbook Pro 2017 Macbook Pro 2017 Macbook Pro 2017 Macbook Pro 2017   Thursday, January 25, 2018 11:19 AM Hi Team, I just wanted to keep you in the loop on some of the changes coming with newly deployed  Macbooks.  We’ve been using a relatively dated model: Macbook pro Mid-2015 15” Retina Sierra 10.12.6 2.8ghz Intel Core i7 16gb RAM (non expandable) 500gb SSD Hard Drive Intel Iris pro graphics Unfortunately we’ve been having difficulty obtaining adequate supply from CDW. As our tempo for  hiring Polaris developers continues to increase, we’ve been testing an alternate model to fulfill  upcoming requests. Meet the 2017 Macbook pro with Touchbar (MPTT2L/A): High Sierra 10.13.1 downgraded to 10.12.6 2.9ghz Intel Core i7 16gb RAM (non expandable) 500gb SSD Hard Drive Intel HD Graphics 630 (USB-C / Thunderbolt 3 Only) If you’ve seen our current model Macbook Pro in use, you’ll notice this Macbook is a different color  and uses an alternate docking station and external dongles due to it containing only USB-C  connectors.      Shown with the older model (bottom) we’ve been deploying, dimensions differ slightly, side by side  comparison to show ports on right.      Ports on left.      Top view. (Older model left)      Touchbar – (Above the number keys) These are not physical buttons and can be customized per user  preference. To view F1-12 keys, press ""fn"" in lower left hand corner of the keyboard.      New docking station, the USB-C ports handle power needs and data. The port that goes directly to  the Macbook is denoted by a small computer logo to the left of the ethernet port below. You’ll also  have 2 Display Ports, 1 HDMI port, an additional USB-C port, 4 USB 3.0 ports and mic/speaker ports.  You can also toggle power from the rear of the dock on the far left.      Dock side view.      You can plug a USB-C connector into any port on the new Macbook to deliver power and port  replication/expansion.      Dongles included are shown below. These would be useful for travel or in a conference room.           Dongle connectors. Yup, you guessed it, USB-C         ","macbook pro 2017 macbook pro 2017 macbook pro 2017 macbook pro 2017 macbook pro 2017 macbook pro 2017 macbook pro 2017 macbook pro 2017 macbook pro 2017 macbook pro 2017 thursday, january 25, 2018 11:19 hi team, want keep loop change come newly deploy macbooks. we’ve use relatively date model: macbook pro mid-2015 15” retina sierra 10.12.6 2.8ghz intel core i7 16gb ram (non expandable) 500gb ssd hard drive intel iris pro graphics unfortunately we’ve difficulty obtain adequate supply cdw. tempo hire polaris developers continue increase, we’ve test alternate model fulfill upcoming requests. meet 2017 macbook pro touchbar (mptt2l/a): high sierra 10.13.1 downgrade 10.12.6 2.9ghz intel core i7 16gb ram (non expandable) 500gb ssd hard drive intel hd graphics 630 (usb-c / thunderbolt 3 only) you’ve see current model macbook pro use, you’ll notice macbook different color use alternate dock station external dongles due contain usb-c connectors. show older model (bottom) we’ve deploying, dimension differ slightly, side side comparison show port right. port left. top view. (older model left) touchbar – (above number keys) physical button customize per user preference. view f1-12 keys, press ""fn"" lower leave hand corner keyboard. new dock station, usb-c port handle power need data. port go directly macbook denote small computer logo leave ethernet port below. you’ll also 2 display ports, 1 hdmi port, additional usb-c port, 4 usb 3.0 port mic/speaker ports. also toggle power rear dock far left. dock side view. plug usb-c connector port new macbook deliver power port replication/expansion. dongles include show below. would useful travel conference room. dongle connectors. yup, guess it, usb-c","Macbook Pro 2017 Macbook Pro 2017   Thursday, January 25, 2018 11:19 AM Hi Team, I just wanted to keep you in the loop on some of the changes coming with newly deployed  Macbooks.  We’ve been using a relatively dated model: Macbook pro Mid-2015 15” Retina Sierra 10.12.6 2.8ghz Intel Core i7 16gb RAM (non expandable) 500gb SSD Hard Drive Intel Iris pro graphics Unfortunately we’ve been having difficulty obtaining adequate supply from CDW. As our tempo for  hiring Polaris developers continues to increase, we’ve been testing an alternate model to fulfill  upcoming requests. Meet the 2017 Macbook pro with Touchbar (MPTT2L/A): High Sierra 10.13.1 downgraded to 10.12.6 2.9ghz Intel Core i7 16gb RAM (non expandable) 500gb SSD Hard Drive Intel HD Graphics 630 (USB-C / Thunderbolt 3 Only) If you’ve seen our current model Macbook Pro in use, you’ll notice this Macbook is a different color  and uses an alternate docking station and external dongles due to it containing only USB-C  connectors.      Shown with the older model (bottom) we’ve been deploying, dimensions differ slightly, side by side  comparison to show ports on right.      Ports on left.      Top view. (Older model left)      Touchbar – (Above the number keys) These are not physical buttons and can be customized per user  preference. To view F1-12 keys, press ""fn"" in lower left hand corner of the keyboard.      New docking station, the USB-C ports handle power needs and data. The port that goes directly to  the Macbook is denoted by a small computer logo to the left of the ethernet port below. You’ll also  have 2 Display Ports, 1 HDMI port, an additional USB-C port, 4 USB 3.0 ports and mic/speaker ports.  You can also toggle power from the rear of the dock on the far left.      Dock side view.      You can plug a USB-C connector into any port on the new Macbook to deliver power and port  replication/expansion.      Dongles included are shown below. These would be useful for travel or in a conference room.           Dongle connectors. Yup, you guessed it, USB-C         ","macbook pro 2017 macbook pro 2017 thursday, january 25, 2018 11:19 hi team, want keep loop change come newly deploy macbooks. we’ve use relatively date model: macbook pro mid-2015 15” retina sierra 10.12.6 2.8ghz intel core i7 16gb ram (non expandable) 500gb ssd hard drive intel iris pro graphics unfortunately we’ve difficulty obtain adequate supply cdw. tempo hire polaris developers continue increase, we’ve test alternate model fulfill upcoming requests. meet 2017 macbook pro touchbar (mptt2l/a): high sierra 10.13.1 downgrade 10.12.6 2.9ghz intel core i7 16gb ram (non expandable) 500gb ssd hard drive intel hd graphics 630 (usb-c / thunderbolt 3 only) you’ve see current model macbook pro use, you’ll notice macbook different color use alternate dock station external dongles due contain usb-c connectors. show older model (bottom) we’ve deploying, dimension differ slightly, side side comparison show port right. port left. top view. (older model left) touchbar – (above number keys) physical button customize per user preference. view f1-12 keys, press ""fn"" lower leave hand corner keyboard. new dock station, usb-c port handle power need data. port go directly macbook denote small computer logo leave ethernet port below. you’ll also 2 display ports, 1 hdmi port, additional usb-c port, 4 usb 3.0 port mic/speaker ports. also toggle power rear dock far left. dock side view. plug usb-c connector port new macbook deliver power port replication/expansion. dongles include show below. would useful travel conference room. dongle connectors. yup, guess it, usb-c"
224,Macbook Pro Mid-2015," Friday, February 02, 2018 11:12 AM Our currently deployed model specs: Sierra 10.12.6 2.8ghz Intel Core i7 16gb RAM (non-expandable) 500gb SSD Hard Drive Intel Iris pro graphics This is our standard build Macbook locked into a Hengedock.  To unlock from the Hengedock, there is a touch sensitive button on the front/right of the dock. Press lightly and hold for  4-5 seconds. At that point you'll heard a mechanical whirring noise as the mechanism unlocks. You can then pick  up the  Macbook. When placing back in the dock, you will see the ring around the lock button begin slowly pulsing green. Press  and hold the button again to lock in place. At this point any external displays and peripherals should be detected and  begin working.      Closeup of keyboard/available buttons.      Available ports on docking station include 6 USB ports, 1 mini display port, 1 Thunderbolt 2 port, audio output, Ethernet,  HDMI      Close up of dock ports right. Close up ports left.      Dock Right Dock Left      Dongles 1 - These are for travel and conference room use and should not be plugged into the dock. (I only mention this  because we've observed this occuring) Dongles 2         ","[69, 0, 69, 776]","[1294, 1300]","Macbook Pro Mid-2015 Macbook Pro Mid-2015 Macbook Pro Mid-2015 Macbook Pro Mid-2015 Macbook Pro Mid-2015 Macbook Pro Mid-2015 Macbook Pro Mid-2015 Macbook Pro Mid-2015 Macbook Pro Mid-2015 Macbook Pro Mid-2015   Friday, February 02, 2018 11:12 AM Our currently deployed model specs: Sierra 10.12.6 2.8ghz Intel Core i7 16gb RAM (non-expandable) 500gb SSD Hard Drive Intel Iris pro graphics This is our standard build Macbook locked into a Hengedock.  To unlock from the Hengedock, there is a touch sensitive button on the front/right of the dock. Press lightly and hold for  4-5 seconds. At that point you'll heard a mechanical whirring noise as the mechanism unlocks. You can then pick  up the  Macbook. When placing back in the dock, you will see the ring around the lock button begin slowly pulsing green. Press  and hold the button again to lock in place. At this point any external displays and peripherals should be detected and  begin working.      Closeup of keyboard/available buttons.      Available ports on docking station include 6 USB ports, 1 mini display port, 1 Thunderbolt 2 port, audio output, Ethernet,  HDMI      Close up of dock ports right. Close up ports left.      Dock Right Dock Left      Dongles 1 - These are for travel and conference room use and should not be plugged into the dock. (I only mention this  because we've observed this occuring) Dongles 2         ","macbook pro mid-2015 macbook pro mid-2015 macbook pro mid-2015 macbook pro mid-2015 macbook pro mid-2015 macbook pro mid-2015 macbook pro mid-2015 macbook pro mid-2015 macbook pro mid-2015 macbook pro mid-2015 friday, february 02, 2018 11:12 currently deploy model specs: sierra 10.12.6 2.8ghz intel core i7 16gb ram (non-expandable) 500gb ssd hard drive intel iris pro graphics standard build macbook lock hengedock. unlock hengedock, touch sensitive button front/right dock. press lightly hold 4-5 seconds. point hear mechanical whir noise mechanism unlocks. pick macbook. place back dock, see ring around lock button begin slowly pulse green. press hold button lock place. point external display peripherals detect begin working. closeup keyboard/available buttons. available port dock station include 6 usb ports, 1 mini display port, 1 thunderbolt 2 port, audio output, ethernet, hdmi close dock port right. close port left. dock right dock leave dongles 1 - travel conference room use plug dock. (i mention we've observe occuring) dongles 2","Macbook Pro Mid-2015 Macbook Pro Mid-2015   Friday, February 02, 2018 11:12 AM Our currently deployed model specs: Sierra 10.12.6 2.8ghz Intel Core i7 16gb RAM (non-expandable) 500gb SSD Hard Drive Intel Iris pro graphics This is our standard build Macbook locked into a Hengedock.  To unlock from the Hengedock, there is a touch sensitive button on the front/right of the dock. Press lightly and hold for  4-5 seconds. At that point you'll heard a mechanical whirring noise as the mechanism unlocks. You can then pick  up the  Macbook. When placing back in the dock, you will see the ring around the lock button begin slowly pulsing green. Press  and hold the button again to lock in place. At this point any external displays and peripherals should be detected and  begin working.      Closeup of keyboard/available buttons.      Available ports on docking station include 6 USB ports, 1 mini display port, 1 Thunderbolt 2 port, audio output, Ethernet,  HDMI      Close up of dock ports right. Close up ports left.      Dock Right Dock Left      Dongles 1 - These are for travel and conference room use and should not be plugged into the dock. (I only mention this  because we've observed this occuring) Dongles 2         ","macbook pro mid-2015 macbook pro mid-2015 friday, february 02, 2018 11:12 currently deploy model specs: sierra 10.12.6 2.8ghz intel core i7 16gb ram (non-expandable) 500gb ssd hard drive intel iris pro graphics standard build macbook lock hengedock. unlock hengedock, touch sensitive button front/right dock. press lightly hold 4-5 seconds. point hear mechanical whir noise mechanism unlocks. pick macbook. place back dock, see ring around lock button begin slowly pulse green. press hold button lock place. point external display peripherals detect begin working. closeup keyboard/available buttons. available port dock station include 6 usb ports, 1 mini display port, 1 thunderbolt 2 port, audio output, ethernet, hdmi close dock port right. close port left. dock right dock leave dongles 1 - travel conference room use plug dock. (i mention we've observe occuring) dongles 2"
225,Making the installer drive,"7. Connect to your Mac a properly formatted 8GB (or larger) drive, and rename the  drive Untitled. (The Terminal commands I provide here assume that the drive is named  Untitled. If the drive isn’t named Untitled, the procedure won’t work.) Make sure the El Capitan installer (or at least a copy of it), called Install OS X El Capitan.app,  is in its default location in your main Applications folder (/Applications). Select the text of the following Terminal command and copy it. sudo /Applications/Install\ OS\ X\ El\ Capitan.app/Contents/Resources/createinstallmedia --volume /Volumes/Untitled -- applicationpath /Applications/Install\ OS\ X\ El\ Capitan.app --nointeraction Launch Terminal (in /Applications/Utilities). Warning: This step will erase the destination drive or partition, so make sure that it doesn’t  contain any valuable data. Paste the copied command into Terminal and press Return. Type your admin-level account password when prompted, and then press Return. You may see the message “To continue we need to erase the disk at /Volumes/Untitled. If  you wish to continue type (Y) then press return:” If so, type the letter Y and then press  Return. If you don't see this message, you're already set. The Terminal window displays createinstallmedia’s progress as a textual representation of a  progress bar: Erasing Disk: 0%... 10 percent...20 percent...and so on. You also see a list of the  program’s tasks as they occur: Copying installer files to disk... Copy complete. Making disk  bootable... Copying boot files... Copy complete. The procedure can take as little as a couple  minutes, or as long as 20 to 30 minutes, depending on how fast your Mac can copy data to  the destination drive. Once you see Copy Complete. Done., as shown in the screenshot  above, the process has finished. Createinstallmedia will have renamed your drive from Untitled to Install OS X El Capitan.  You can rename the drive (in the Finder) if you like—renaming it won’t prevent it from  working properly.    ","[72, 0, 467, 709]",[652],"Making the installer drive Making the installer drive Making the installer drive Making the installer drive Making the installer drive Making the installer drive Making the installer drive Making the installer drive Making the installer drive Making the installer drive  7. Connect to your Mac a properly formatted 8GB (or larger) drive, and rename the  drive Untitled. (The Terminal commands I provide here assume that the drive is named  Untitled. If the drive isn’t named Untitled, the procedure won’t work.) Make sure the El Capitan installer (or at least a copy of it), called Install OS X El Capitan.app,  is in its default location in your main Applications folder (/Applications). Select the text of the following Terminal command and copy it. sudo /Applications/Install\ OS\ X\ El\ Capitan.app/Contents/Resources/createinstallmedia --volume /Volumes/Untitled -- applicationpath /Applications/Install\ OS\ X\ El\ Capitan.app --nointeraction Launch Terminal (in /Applications/Utilities). Warning: This step will erase the destination drive or partition, so make sure that it doesn’t  contain any valuable data. Paste the copied command into Terminal and press Return. Type your admin-level account password when prompted, and then press Return. You may see the message “To continue we need to erase the disk at /Volumes/Untitled. If  you wish to continue type (Y) then press return:” If so, type the letter Y and then press  Return. If you don't see this message, you're already set. The Terminal window displays createinstallmedia’s progress as a textual representation of a  progress bar: Erasing Disk: 0%... 10 percent...20 percent...and so on. You also see a list of the  program’s tasks as they occur: Copying installer files to disk... Copy complete. Making disk  bootable... Copying boot files... Copy complete. The procedure can take as little as a couple  minutes, or as long as 20 to 30 minutes, depending on how fast your Mac can copy data to  the destination drive. Once you see Copy Complete. Done., as shown in the screenshot  above, the process has finished. Createinstallmedia will have renamed your drive from Untitled to Install OS X El Capitan.  You can rename the drive (in the Finder) if you like—renaming it won’t prevent it from  working properly.    ","make installer drive make installer drive make installer drive make installer drive make installer drive make installer drive make installer drive make installer drive make installer drive make installer drive 7. connect mac properly format 8gb (or larger) drive, rename drive untitled. (the terminal command provide assume drive name untitled. drive isn’t name untitled, procedure won’t work.) make sure el capitan installer (or least copy it), call install os x el capitan.app, default location main applications folder (/applications). select text follow terminal command copy it. sudo /applications/install\ os\ x\ el\ capitan.app/contents/resources/createinstallmedia --volume /volumes/untitled -- applicationpath /applications/install\ os\ x\ el\ capitan.app --nointeraction launch terminal (in /applications/utilities). warning: step erase destination drive partition, make sure doesn’t contain valuable data. paste copy command terminal press return. type admin-level account password prompted, press return. may see message “to continue need erase disk /volumes/untitled. wish continue type (y) press return:” so, type letter press return. see message, already set. terminal window display createinstallmedia’s progress textual representation progress bar: erase disk: 0%... 10 percent...20 percent...and on. also see list program’s task occur: copy installer file disk... copy complete. make disk bootable... copy boot files... copy complete. procedure take little couple minutes, long 20 30 minutes, depend fast mac copy data destination drive. see copy complete. done., show screenshot above, process finished. createinstallmedia rename drive untitled install os x el capitan. rename drive (in finder) like—renaming won’t prevent work properly.","Making the installer drive Making the installer drive  7. Connect to your Mac a properly formatted 8GB (or larger) drive, and rename the  drive Untitled. (The Terminal commands I provide here assume that the drive is named  Untitled. If the drive isn’t named Untitled, the procedure won’t work.) Make sure the El Capitan installer (or at least a copy of it), called Install OS X El Capitan.app,  is in its default location in your main Applications folder (/Applications). Select the text of the following Terminal command and copy it. sudo /Applications/Install\ OS\ X\ El\ Capitan.app/Contents/Resources/createinstallmedia --volume /Volumes/Untitled -- applicationpath /Applications/Install\ OS\ X\ El\ Capitan.app --nointeraction Launch Terminal (in /Applications/Utilities). Warning: This step will erase the destination drive or partition, so make sure that it doesn’t  contain any valuable data. Paste the copied command into Terminal and press Return. Type your admin-level account password when prompted, and then press Return. You may see the message “To continue we need to erase the disk at /Volumes/Untitled. If  you wish to continue type (Y) then press return:” If so, type the letter Y and then press  Return. If you don't see this message, you're already set. The Terminal window displays createinstallmedia’s progress as a textual representation of a  progress bar: Erasing Disk: 0%... 10 percent...20 percent...and so on. You also see a list of the  program’s tasks as they occur: Copying installer files to disk... Copy complete. Making disk  bootable... Copying boot files... Copy complete. The procedure can take as little as a couple  minutes, or as long as 20 to 30 minutes, depending on how fast your Mac can copy data to  the destination drive. Once you see Copy Complete. Done., as shown in the screenshot  above, the process has finished. Createinstallmedia will have renamed your drive from Untitled to Install OS X El Capitan.  You can rename the drive (in the Finder) if you like—renaming it won’t prevent it from  working properly.    ","make installer drive make installer drive 7. connect mac properly format 8gb (or larger) drive, rename drive untitled. (the terminal command provide assume drive name untitled. drive isn’t name untitled, procedure won’t work.) make sure el capitan installer (or least copy it), call install os x el capitan.app, default location main applications folder (/applications). select text follow terminal command copy it. sudo /applications/install\ os\ x\ el\ capitan.app/contents/resources/createinstallmedia --volume /volumes/untitled -- applicationpath /applications/install\ os\ x\ el\ capitan.app --nointeraction launch terminal (in /applications/utilities). warning: step erase destination drive partition, make sure doesn’t contain valuable data. paste copy command terminal press return. type admin-level account password prompted, press return. may see message “to continue need erase disk /volumes/untitled. wish continue type (y) press return:” so, type letter press return. see message, already set. terminal window display createinstallmedia’s progress textual representation progress bar: erase disk: 0%... 10 percent...20 percent...and on. also see list program’s task occur: copy installer file disk... copy complete. make disk bootable... copy boot files... copy complete. procedure take little couple minutes, long 20 30 minutes, depend fast mac copy data destination drive. see copy complete. done., show screenshot above, process finished. createinstallmedia rename drive untitled install os x el capitan. rename drive (in finder) like—renaming won’t prevent work properly."
226,Manually Start Managed Folder Assistant (Force Archive)," Wednesday, February 06, 2013 11:32 When you enable someone with an Archive Mailbox, the Managed Folder Assistant will  automatically run at a random interval every 24 hours. If someone is over their size limit and needs  to space cleared up sooner, you can force the Assistant to run immediately with the following  powershell command: Start-ManagedFolderAssistant -Identity username Then you can monitor their size with the Get-MailboxSize cmdlet. You should see their mailbox size  shrinking and the Archive size growing. Get-MailboxSize username and Get-MailboxSize username -Archive      Aliases giovedì 16 giugno 2016 09:16 An e-mail alias is an email address attached to an existing mailbox. A mailbox can have multiple aliases, but all of them will deliver to the same mailbox.  1. 2. To Modify an alias in the EMC, go to Recipient Configuration<>Mailbox and click on properties for the mailbox you wish to modify.  Go to the E-mail Addresses tab and you'll see something like below. The Default Alias is marked in Bold Black. This means that the user's mailbox will typically reply as  that e-mail address. From this window you can add/edit or delete an alias. You can modify set as reply alias only if the ""Automatically Update e-mail address based on  e-mail address policy"" is unchecked. Don't do this unless you have a good reason to do so. POWERSHELL SECTION Use the Shell to add an email address The email addresses associated with a mailbox are contained in the EmailAddresses property for the mailbox. Because it can contain more than one email address, the  EmailAddresses property is known as a multivalued property. The following examples show different ways to modify a multivalued property. This example shows how to add an SMTP address to the mailbox of Dan Jump. Set-Mailbox ""Dan Jump"" -EmailAddresses @{add=""dan.jump@berkadia.com""} This example shows how to add multiple SMTP addresses to a mailbox. Set-Mailbox ""Dan Jump"" -EmailAddresses @{add=""dan.jump@berkadia.com"",""danj@berkadia.com""} For more information about how to use this method of adding and removing values for multivalued properties, see Modifying multivalued properties. This example shows another way to add email addresses to a mailbox by specifying all addresses associated with the mailbox. In this example, danj@tailspintoys.com is the  new email address that you want to add. The other two email addresses are existing addresses. The address with the case-sensitive qualifier SMTP is the primary SMTP  address. You have to include all email addresses for the mailbox when you use this command syntax. If you don't, the addresses specified in the command will overwrite the  existing addresses. Set-Mailbox ""Dan Jump"" -EmailAddresses SMTP:dan.jump@contoso.com,dan.jump@northamerica.contoso.com,danj@tailspintoys.com For detailed syntax and parameter information, see Set-Mailbox. From <https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb123794(v=exchg.150).aspx>  Use the Shell to remove an email address This example shows how to remove an email address from the mailbox of Janet Schorr. Set-Mailbox ""Janet Schorr"" -EmailAddresses @{remove=""janets@corp.contoso.com""} This example shows how to remove multiple addresses from a mailbox. Set-Mailbox ""Janet Schorr"" -EmailAddresses @{remove=""janet.schorr@corp.contoso.com"",""janets@tailspintoys.com""} For more information about how to use this method of adding and removing values for multivalued properties, see Modifying multivalued properties.      For more information about how to use this method of adding and removing values for multivalued properties, see Modifying multivalued properties. You can also remove an email address by omitting it from the command to set email addresses for a mailbox. For example, let's say Janet Schorr's mailbox has three email  addresses: janets@berkadia.com (the primary SMTP address), janets@hpapts.com, and janets@hendricks-berkadia.com. To remove the address janets@hpapts.com, you  would run the following command. Set-Mailbox ""Janet Schorr"" -EmailAddresses SMTP:janets@berkadia.com,janets@hendricks-berkadia.com Because janets@hpapts.com was omitted in the previous command, it’s removed from the mailbox. From <https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb123794(v=exchg.150).aspx>  How do you know this worked? Run the following command in the Shell. Get-Mailbox mailbox | fl EmailAddresses Verify that the new email address is included in the results.      Mailbox Permissions giovedì 16 giugno 2016 09:33 Exchange uses the following permissions for mailboxes and calendars (see Access Rights in Exchange). For mailbox access purposes, the ones exchange will refer to three types of access, Full  Access Permission, Send As Permission and Send on Behalf. For the most part, use Full Access and Send as permissions unless a situation requires send on behalf, such as a user requires  delegates to send as the user, but not as them (example: A secretary on behalf of her boss). Full access permissions will apply full access to the mailbox and its contents/folders, etc. However this does not grant user s the ability to send from that mailbox. Full Access typically is  applied to users accessing a shared mailbox. Send As Permissions allow users to send from the mailbox as if they were that mailbox. Example; if I gave myself send as perm ission from the test@berkadia.com mailbox, I could send e - mail as that mailbox. Send On Behalf permission is like Send As permission, but it will append messages on e -mails sent with ""sent on behalf of"", so recipients of the e -mail will know someone else is sending  that e-mail for that user.  Applying Send as or Full Access permissions, you can do this by going to Recipient Configuration<> Mailbox and right clicking on the mailbox in question. From there you can add or remove  users to have said permissions on the mailbox.  To Apply Send On Behalf Permissions Click on the mailbox properties, click on the mail flow settings tab and under ""grant this permission to"" you can add/remove  users as you see fit.    ","[45, 6, 72, 779]","[305, 308]","Manually Start Managed Folder Assistant (Force Archive) Manually Start Managed Folder Assistant (Force Archive) Manually Start Managed Folder Assistant (Force Archive) Manually Start Managed Folder Assistant (Force Archive) Manually Start Managed Folder Assistant (Force Archive) Manually Start Managed Folder Assistant (Force Archive) Manually Start Managed Folder Assistant (Force Archive) Manually Start Managed Folder Assistant (Force Archive) Manually Start Managed Folder Assistant (Force Archive) Manually Start Managed Folder Assistant (Force Archive)   Wednesday, February 06, 2013 11:32 When you enable someone with an Archive Mailbox, the Managed Folder Assistant will  automatically run at a random interval every 24 hours. If someone is over their size limit and needs  to space cleared up sooner, you can force the Assistant to run immediately with the following  powershell command: Start-ManagedFolderAssistant -Identity username Then you can monitor their size with the Get-MailboxSize cmdlet. You should see their mailbox size  shrinking and the Archive size growing. Get-MailboxSize username and Get-MailboxSize username -Archive      Aliases giovedì 16 giugno 2016 09:16 An e-mail alias is an email address attached to an existing mailbox. A mailbox can have multiple aliases, but all of them will deliver to the same mailbox.  1. 2. To Modify an alias in the EMC, go to Recipient Configuration<>Mailbox and click on properties for the mailbox you wish to modify.  Go to the E-mail Addresses tab and you'll see something like below. The Default Alias is marked in Bold Black. This means that the user's mailbox will typically reply as  that e-mail address. From this window you can add/edit or delete an alias. You can modify set as reply alias only if the ""Automatically Update e-mail address based on  e-mail address policy"" is unchecked. Don't do this unless you have a good reason to do so. POWERSHELL SECTION Use the Shell to add an email address The email addresses associated with a mailbox are contained in the EmailAddresses property for the mailbox. Because it can contain more than one email address, the  EmailAddresses property is known as a multivalued property. The following examples show different ways to modify a multivalued property. This example shows how to add an SMTP address to the mailbox of Dan Jump. Set-Mailbox ""Dan Jump"" -EmailAddresses @{add=""dan.jump@berkadia.com""} This example shows how to add multiple SMTP addresses to a mailbox. Set-Mailbox ""Dan Jump"" -EmailAddresses @{add=""dan.jump@berkadia.com"",""danj@berkadia.com""} For more information about how to use this method of adding and removing values for multivalued properties, see Modifying multivalued properties. This example shows another way to add email addresses to a mailbox by specifying all addresses associated with the mailbox. In this example, danj@tailspintoys.com is the  new email address that you want to add. The other two email addresses are existing addresses. The address with the case-sensitive qualifier SMTP is the primary SMTP  address. You have to include all email addresses for the mailbox when you use this command syntax. If you don't, the addresses specified in the command will overwrite the  existing addresses. Set-Mailbox ""Dan Jump"" -EmailAddresses SMTP:dan.jump@contoso.com,dan.jump@northamerica.contoso.com,danj@tailspintoys.com For detailed syntax and parameter information, see Set-Mailbox. From <https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb123794(v=exchg.150).aspx>  Use the Shell to remove an email address This example shows how to remove an email address from the mailbox of Janet Schorr. Set-Mailbox ""Janet Schorr"" -EmailAddresses @{remove=""janets@corp.contoso.com""} This example shows how to remove multiple addresses from a mailbox. Set-Mailbox ""Janet Schorr"" -EmailAddresses @{remove=""janet.schorr@corp.contoso.com"",""janets@tailspintoys.com""} For more information about how to use this method of adding and removing values for multivalued properties, see Modifying multivalued properties.      For more information about how to use this method of adding and removing values for multivalued properties, see Modifying multivalued properties. You can also remove an email address by omitting it from the command to set email addresses for a mailbox. For example, let's say Janet Schorr's mailbox has three email  addresses: janets@berkadia.com (the primary SMTP address), janets@hpapts.com, and janets@hendricks-berkadia.com. To remove the address janets@hpapts.com, you  would run the following command. Set-Mailbox ""Janet Schorr"" -EmailAddresses SMTP:janets@berkadia.com,janets@hendricks-berkadia.com Because janets@hpapts.com was omitted in the previous command, it’s removed from the mailbox. From <https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb123794(v=exchg.150).aspx>  How do you know this worked? Run the following command in the Shell. Get-Mailbox mailbox | fl EmailAddresses Verify that the new email address is included in the results.      Mailbox Permissions giovedì 16 giugno 2016 09:33 Exchange uses the following permissions for mailboxes and calendars (see Access Rights in Exchange). For mailbox access purposes, the ones exchange will refer to three types of access, Full  Access Permission, Send As Permission and Send on Behalf. For the most part, use Full Access and Send as permissions unless a situation requires send on behalf, such as a user requires  delegates to send as the user, but not as them (example: A secretary on behalf of her boss). Full access permissions will apply full access to the mailbox and its contents/folders, etc. However this does not grant user s the ability to send from that mailbox. Full Access typically is  applied to users accessing a shared mailbox. Send As Permissions allow users to send from the mailbox as if they were that mailbox. Example; if I gave myself send as perm ission from the test@berkadia.com mailbox, I could send e - mail as that mailbox. Send On Behalf permission is like Send As permission, but it will append messages on e -mails sent with ""sent on behalf of"", so recipients of the e -mail will know someone else is sending  that e-mail for that user.  Applying Send as or Full Access permissions, you can do this by going to Recipient Configuration<> Mailbox and right clicking on the mailbox in question. From there you can add or remove  users to have said permissions on the mailbox.  To Apply Send On Behalf Permissions Click on the mailbox properties, click on the mail flow settings tab and under ""grant this permission to"" you can add/remove  users as you see fit.    ","manually start manage folder assistant (force archive) manually start manage folder assistant (force archive) manually start manage folder assistant (force archive) manually start manage folder assistant (force archive) manually start manage folder assistant (force archive) manually start manage folder assistant (force archive) manually start manage folder assistant (force archive) manually start manage folder assistant (force archive) manually start manage folder assistant (force archive) manually start manage folder assistant (force archive) wednesday, february 06, 2013 11:32 enable someone archive mailbox, manage folder assistant automatically run random interval every 24 hours. someone size limit need space clear sooner, force assistant run immediately follow powershell command: start-managedfolderassistant -identity username monitor size get-mailboxsize cmdlet. see mailbox size shrink archive size growing. get-mailboxsize username get-mailboxsize username -archive aliases giovedì 16 giugno 2016 09:16 e-mail alias email address attach exist mailbox. mailbox multiple aliases, deliver mailbox. 1. 2. modify alias emc, go recipient configuration<>mailbox click properties mailbox wish modify. go e-mail address tab see something like below. default alias mark bold black. mean user's mailbox typically reply e-mail address. window add/edit delete alias. modify set reply alias ""automatically update e-mail address base e-mail address policy"" unchecked. unless good reason so. powershell section use shell add email address email address associate mailbox contain emailaddresses property mailbox. contain one email address, emailaddresses property know multivalued property. follow examples show different ways modify multivalued property. example show add smtp address mailbox dan jump. set-mailbox ""dan jump"" -emailaddresses @{add=""dan.jump@berkadia.com""} example show add multiple smtp address mailbox. set-mailbox ""dan jump"" -emailaddresses @{add=""dan.jump@berkadia.com"",""danj@berkadia.com""} information use method add remove value multivalued properties, see modify multivalued properties. example show another way add email address mailbox specify address associate mailbox. example, danj@tailspintoys.com new email address want add. two email address exist addresses. address case-sensitive qualifier smtp primary smtp address. include email address mailbox use command syntax. don't, address specify command overwrite exist addresses. set-mailbox ""dan jump"" -emailaddresses smtp:dan.jump@contoso.com,dan.jump@northamerica.contoso.com,danj@tailspintoys.com detail syntax parameter information, see set-mailbox. <https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb123794(v=exchg.150).aspx> use shell remove email address example show remove email address mailbox janet schorr. set-mailbox ""janet schorr"" -emailaddresses @{remove=""janets@corp.contoso.com""} example show remove multiple address mailbox. set-mailbox ""janet schorr"" -emailaddresses @{remove=""janet.schorr@corp.contoso.com"",""janets@tailspintoys.com""} information use method add remove value multivalued properties, see modify multivalued properties. information use method add remove value multivalued properties, see modify multivalued properties. also remove email address omit command set email address mailbox. example, let's say janet schorr's mailbox three email addresses: janets@berkadia.com (the primary smtp address), janets@hpapts.com, janets@hendricks-berkadia.com. remove address janets@hpapts.com, would run follow command. set-mailbox ""janet schorr"" -emailaddresses smtp:janets@berkadia.com,janets@hendricks-berkadia.com janets@hpapts.com omit previous command, it’s remove mailbox. <https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb123794(v=exchg.150).aspx> know worked run follow command shell. get-mailbox mailbox | fl emailaddresses verify new email address include results. mailbox permissions giovedì 16 giugno 2016 09:33 exchange use follow permissions mailboxes calendar (see access right exchange). mailbox access purposes, ones exchange refer three type access, full access permission, send permission send behalf. part, use full access send permissions unless situation require send behalf, user require delegate send user, (example: secretary behalf boss). full access permissions apply full access mailbox contents/folders, etc. however grant user ability send mailbox. full access typically apply users access share mailbox. send permissions allow users send mailbox mailbox. example; give send perm ission test@berkadia.com mailbox, could send e - mail mailbox. send behalf permission like send permission, append message e -mails send ""sent behalf of"", recipients e -mail know someone else send e-mail user. apply send full access permissions, go recipient configuration<> mailbox right click mailbox question. add remove users say permissions mailbox. apply send behalf permissions click mailbox properties, click mail flow settings tab ""grant permission to"" add/remove users see fit.","Manually Start Managed Folder Assistant (Force Archive) Manually Start Managed Folder Assistant (Force Archive)   Wednesday, February 06, 2013 11:32 When you enable someone with an Archive Mailbox, the Managed Folder Assistant will  automatically run at a random interval every 24 hours. If someone is over their size limit and needs  to space cleared up sooner, you can force the Assistant to run immediately with the following  powershell command: Start-ManagedFolderAssistant -Identity username Then you can monitor their size with the Get-MailboxSize cmdlet. You should see their mailbox size  shrinking and the Archive size growing. Get-MailboxSize username and Get-MailboxSize username -Archive      Aliases giovedì 16 giugno 2016 09:16 An e-mail alias is an email address attached to an existing mailbox. A mailbox can have multiple aliases, but all of them will deliver to the same mailbox.  1. 2. To Modify an alias in the EMC, go to Recipient Configuration<>Mailbox and click on properties for the mailbox you wish to modify.  Go to the E-mail Addresses tab and you'll see something like below. The Default Alias is marked in Bold Black. This means that the user's mailbox will typically reply as  that e-mail address. From this window you can add/edit or delete an alias. You can modify set as reply alias only if the ""Automatically Update e-mail address based on  e-mail address policy"" is unchecked. Don't do this unless you have a good reason to do so. POWERSHELL SECTION Use the Shell to add an email address The email addresses associated with a mailbox are contained in the EmailAddresses property for the mailbox. Because it can contain more than one email address, the  EmailAddresses property is known as a multivalued property. The following examples show different ways to modify a multivalued property. This example shows how to add an SMTP address to the mailbox of Dan Jump. Set-Mailbox ""Dan Jump"" -EmailAddresses @{add=""dan.jump@berkadia.com""} This example shows how to add multiple SMTP addresses to a mailbox. Set-Mailbox ""Dan Jump"" -EmailAddresses @{add=""dan.jump@berkadia.com"",""danj@berkadia.com""} For more information about how to use this method of adding and removing values for multivalued properties, see Modifying multivalued properties. This example shows another way to add email addresses to a mailbox by specifying all addresses associated with the mailbox. In this example, danj@tailspintoys.com is the  new email address that you want to add. The other two email addresses are existing addresses. The address with the case-sensitive qualifier SMTP is the primary SMTP  address. You have to include all email addresses for the mailbox when you use this command syntax. If you don't, the addresses specified in the command will overwrite the  existing addresses. Set-Mailbox ""Dan Jump"" -EmailAddresses SMTP:dan.jump@contoso.com,dan.jump@northamerica.contoso.com,danj@tailspintoys.com For detailed syntax and parameter information, see Set-Mailbox. From <https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb123794(v=exchg.150).aspx>  Use the Shell to remove an email address This example shows how to remove an email address from the mailbox of Janet Schorr. Set-Mailbox ""Janet Schorr"" -EmailAddresses @{remove=""janets@corp.contoso.com""} This example shows how to remove multiple addresses from a mailbox. Set-Mailbox ""Janet Schorr"" -EmailAddresses @{remove=""janet.schorr@corp.contoso.com"",""janets@tailspintoys.com""} For more information about how to use this method of adding and removing values for multivalued properties, see Modifying multivalued properties.      For more information about how to use this method of adding and removing values for multivalued properties, see Modifying multivalued properties. You can also remove an email address by omitting it from the command to set email addresses for a mailbox. For example, let's say Janet Schorr's mailbox has three email  addresses: janets@berkadia.com (the primary SMTP address), janets@hpapts.com, and janets@hendricks-berkadia.com. To remove the address janets@hpapts.com, you  would run the following command. Set-Mailbox ""Janet Schorr"" -EmailAddresses SMTP:janets@berkadia.com,janets@hendricks-berkadia.com Because janets@hpapts.com was omitted in the previous command, it’s removed from the mailbox. From <https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb123794(v=exchg.150).aspx>  How do you know this worked? Run the following command in the Shell. Get-Mailbox mailbox | fl EmailAddresses Verify that the new email address is included in the results.      Mailbox Permissions giovedì 16 giugno 2016 09:33 Exchange uses the following permissions for mailboxes and calendars (see Access Rights in Exchange). For mailbox access purposes, the ones exchange will refer to three types of access, Full  Access Permission, Send As Permission and Send on Behalf. For the most part, use Full Access and Send as permissions unless a situation requires send on behalf, such as a user requires  delegates to send as the user, but not as them (example: A secretary on behalf of her boss). Full access permissions will apply full access to the mailbox and its contents/folders, etc. However this does not grant user s the ability to send from that mailbox. Full Access typically is  applied to users accessing a shared mailbox. Send As Permissions allow users to send from the mailbox as if they were that mailbox. Example; if I gave myself send as perm ission from the test@berkadia.com mailbox, I could send e - mail as that mailbox. Send On Behalf permission is like Send As permission, but it will append messages on e -mails sent with ""sent on behalf of"", so recipients of the e -mail will know someone else is sending  that e-mail for that user.  Applying Send as or Full Access permissions, you can do this by going to Recipient Configuration<> Mailbox and right clicking on the mailbox in question. From there you can add or remove  users to have said permissions on the mailbox.  To Apply Send On Behalf Permissions Click on the mailbox properties, click on the mail flow settings tab and under ""grant this permission to"" you can add/remove  users as you see fit.    ","manually start manage folder assistant (force archive) manually start manage folder assistant (force archive) wednesday, february 06, 2013 11:32 enable someone archive mailbox, manage folder assistant automatically run random interval every 24 hours. someone size limit need space clear sooner, force assistant run immediately follow powershell command: start-managedfolderassistant -identity username monitor size get-mailboxsize cmdlet. see mailbox size shrink archive size growing. get-mailboxsize username get-mailboxsize username -archive aliases giovedì 16 giugno 2016 09:16 e-mail alias email address attach exist mailbox. mailbox multiple aliases, deliver mailbox. 1. 2. modify alias emc, go recipient configuration<>mailbox click properties mailbox wish modify. go e-mail address tab see something like below. default alias mark bold black. mean user's mailbox typically reply e-mail address. window add/edit delete alias. modify set reply alias ""automatically update e-mail address base e-mail address policy"" unchecked. unless good reason so. powershell section use shell add email address email address associate mailbox contain emailaddresses property mailbox. contain one email address, emailaddresses property know multivalued property. follow examples show different ways modify multivalued property. example show add smtp address mailbox dan jump. set-mailbox ""dan jump"" -emailaddresses @{add=""dan.jump@berkadia.com""} example show add multiple smtp address mailbox. set-mailbox ""dan jump"" -emailaddresses @{add=""dan.jump@berkadia.com"",""danj@berkadia.com""} information use method add remove value multivalued properties, see modify multivalued properties. example show another way add email address mailbox specify address associate mailbox. example, danj@tailspintoys.com new email address want add. two email address exist addresses. address case-sensitive qualifier smtp primary smtp address. include email address mailbox use command syntax. don't, address specify command overwrite exist addresses. set-mailbox ""dan jump"" -emailaddresses smtp:dan.jump@contoso.com,dan.jump@northamerica.contoso.com,danj@tailspintoys.com detail syntax parameter information, see set-mailbox. <https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb123794(v=exchg.150).aspx> use shell remove email address example show remove email address mailbox janet schorr. set-mailbox ""janet schorr"" -emailaddresses @{remove=""janets@corp.contoso.com""} example show remove multiple address mailbox. set-mailbox ""janet schorr"" -emailaddresses @{remove=""janet.schorr@corp.contoso.com"",""janets@tailspintoys.com""} information use method add remove value multivalued properties, see modify multivalued properties. information use method add remove value multivalued properties, see modify multivalued properties. also remove email address omit command set email address mailbox. example, let's say janet schorr's mailbox three email addresses: janets@berkadia.com (the primary smtp address), janets@hpapts.com, janets@hendricks-berkadia.com. remove address janets@hpapts.com, would run follow command. set-mailbox ""janet schorr"" -emailaddresses smtp:janets@berkadia.com,janets@hendricks-berkadia.com janets@hpapts.com omit previous command, it’s remove mailbox. <https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb123794(v=exchg.150).aspx> know worked run follow command shell. get-mailbox mailbox | fl emailaddresses verify new email address include results. mailbox permissions giovedì 16 giugno 2016 09:33 exchange use follow permissions mailboxes calendar (see access right exchange). mailbox access purposes, ones exchange refer three type access, full access permission, send permission send behalf. part, use full access send permissions unless situation require send behalf, user require delegate send user, (example: secretary behalf boss). full access permissions apply full access mailbox contents/folders, etc. however grant user ability send mailbox. full access typically apply users access share mailbox. send permissions allow users send mailbox mailbox. example; give send perm ission test@berkadia.com mailbox, could send e - mail mailbox. send behalf permission like send permission, append message e -mails send ""sent behalf of"", recipients e -mail know someone else send e-mail user. apply send full access permissions, go recipient configuration<> mailbox right click mailbox question. add remove users say permissions mailbox. apply send behalf permissions click mailbox properties, click mail flow settings tab ""grant permission to"" add/remove users see fit."
227,Map a Mailbox," Monday, December 10, 2012 2:12 PM","[72, 769, 243, 779]",[314],"Map a Mailbox Map a Mailbox Map a Mailbox Map a Mailbox Map a Mailbox Map a Mailbox Map a Mailbox Map a Mailbox Map a Mailbox Map a Mailbox   Monday, December 10, 2012 2:12 PM","map mailbox map mailbox map mailbox map mailbox map mailbox map mailbox map mailbox map mailbox map mailbox map mailbox monday, december 10, 2012 2:12 pm","Map a Mailbox Map a Mailbox   Monday, December 10, 2012 2:12 PM","map mailbox map mailbox monday, december 10, 2012 2:12 pm"
228,Mapping McCracken Printer," Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:25 AM The following link will show you printer inventories of Horsham and Atlanta  (as a guideline) http://pa508incidmon.gmaccm.com/printerinventory/location.asp? sort=asc&orderby=1 The list shows the available printers for McCracken (labeled NETP XX) Select the printers the user needs, which must be a NETP printer in the list           Mapping keyboard Keys Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:25 AM Mapping the Enter Key Follow the steps below to map the enter key on the Numeric  Keyboard for the V12 Green Screen. Step Enter Key Action Logon to the green screen of McCracken Strategy Green Screen  using the  Boston icons.    The following options should appear at  the top of the screen.   Click on the Map key.  You should see the below screen. Click on the enter key on the numeric keyboard on the above  screen.  The key noshould now be outlined in red. Click on the drop-down beside the Function box and select Enter  as the option. Mapping the Enter Keys, Continued Continued on next page In the Change Current Actions for Selected Key click on the arrow beside Base  Select Enter again in the Function Box and Click on the arrow beside the Shift key Select File Save from Drop down menu at the top of the screen and close the  mapping screen. The enter key should now be mapped.    ","[49, 5, 72, 711]","[409, 411]","Mapping McCracken Printer Mapping McCracken Printer Mapping McCracken Printer Mapping McCracken Printer Mapping McCracken Printer Mapping McCracken Printer Mapping McCracken Printer Mapping McCracken Printer Mapping McCracken Printer Mapping McCracken Printer   Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:25 AM The following link will show you printer inventories of Horsham and Atlanta  (as a guideline) http://pa508incidmon.gmaccm.com/printerinventory/location.asp? sort=asc&orderby=1 The list shows the available printers for McCracken (labeled NETP XX) Select the printers the user needs, which must be a NETP printer in the list           Mapping keyboard Keys Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:25 AM Mapping the Enter Key Follow the steps below to map the enter key on the Numeric  Keyboard for the V12 Green Screen. Step Enter Key Action Logon to the green screen of McCracken Strategy Green Screen  using the  Boston icons.    The following options should appear at  the top of the screen.   Click on the Map key.  You should see the below screen. Click on the enter key on the numeric keyboard on the above  screen.  The key noshould now be outlined in red. Click on the drop-down beside the Function box and select Enter  as the option. Mapping the Enter Keys, Continued Continued on next page In the Change Current Actions for Selected Key click on the arrow beside Base  Select Enter again in the Function Box and Click on the arrow beside the Shift key Select File Save from Drop down menu at the top of the screen and close the  mapping screen. The enter key should now be mapped.    ","map mccracken printer map mccracken printer map mccracken printer map mccracken printer map mccracken printer map mccracken printer map mccracken printer map mccracken printer map mccracken printer map mccracken printer thursday, december 13, 2012 11:25 follow link show printer inventory horsham atlanta (as guideline) http://pa508incidmon.gmaccm.com/printerinventory/location.asp sort=asc&orderby=1 list show available printers mccracken (labeled netp xx) select printers user needs, must netp printer list map keyboard key thursday, december 13, 2012 11:25 map enter key follow step map enter key numeric keyboard v12 green screen. step enter key action logon green screen mccracken strategy green screen use boston icons. follow options appear top screen. click map key. see screen. click enter key numeric keyboard screen. key noshould outline red. click drop-down beside function box select enter option. map enter keys, continue continue next page change current action select key click arrow beside base select enter function box click arrow beside shift key select file save drop menu top screen close map screen. enter key mapped.","Mapping McCracken Printer Mapping McCracken Printer   Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:25 AM The following link will show you printer inventories of Horsham and Atlanta  (as a guideline) http://pa508incidmon.gmaccm.com/printerinventory/location.asp? sort=asc&orderby=1 The list shows the available printers for McCracken (labeled NETP XX) Select the printers the user needs, which must be a NETP printer in the list           Mapping keyboard Keys Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:25 AM Mapping the Enter Key Follow the steps below to map the enter key on the Numeric  Keyboard for the V12 Green Screen. Step Enter Key Action Logon to the green screen of McCracken Strategy Green Screen  using the  Boston icons.    The following options should appear at  the top of the screen.   Click on the Map key.  You should see the below screen. Click on the enter key on the numeric keyboard on the above  screen.  The key noshould now be outlined in red. Click on the drop-down beside the Function box and select Enter  as the option. Mapping the Enter Keys, Continued Continued on next page In the Change Current Actions for Selected Key click on the arrow beside Base  Select Enter again in the Function Box and Click on the arrow beside the Shift key Select File Save from Drop down menu at the top of the screen and close the  mapping screen. The enter key should now be mapped.    ","map mccracken printer map mccracken printer thursday, december 13, 2012 11:25 follow link show printer inventory horsham atlanta (as guideline) http://pa508incidmon.gmaccm.com/printerinventory/location.asp sort=asc&orderby=1 list show available printers mccracken (labeled netp xx) select printers user needs, must netp printer list map keyboard key thursday, december 13, 2012 11:25 map enter key follow step map enter key numeric keyboard v12 green screen. step enter key action logon green screen mccracken strategy green screen use boston icons. follow options appear top screen. click map key. see screen. click enter key numeric keyboard screen. key noshould outline red. click drop-down beside function box select enter option. map enter keys, continue continue next page change current action select key click arrow beside base select enter function box click arrow beside shift key select file save drop menu top screen close map screen. enter key mapped."
229,Mapping a Printer," Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:25 AM","[72, 769, 252, 779]",[409],"Mapping a Printer Mapping a Printer Mapping a Printer Mapping a Printer Mapping a Printer Mapping a Printer Mapping a Printer Mapping a Printer Mapping a Printer Mapping a Printer   Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:25 AM","map printer map printer map printer map printer map printer map printer map printer map printer map printer map printer thursday, december 13, 2012 11:25","Mapping a Printer Mapping a Printer   Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:25 AM","map printer map printer thursday, december 13, 2012 11:25"
230,Mark Ventre," Sunday, June 26, 2016 5:06 PM 1 x Acer monitor 1 x Lenovo Yoga Pro 2 (Windows 8) 1 x Gigaware ethernet dongle (connected to laptop) Logitech K360 wireless keyboard    ","[70, 0, 158, 776]",[966],"Mark Ventre Mark Ventre Mark Ventre Mark Ventre Mark Ventre Mark Ventre Mark Ventre Mark Ventre Mark Ventre Mark Ventre   Sunday, June 26, 2016 5:06 PM 1 x Acer monitor 1 x Lenovo Yoga Pro 2 (Windows 8) 1 x Gigaware ethernet dongle (connected to laptop) Logitech K360 wireless keyboard    ","mark ventre mark ventre mark ventre mark ventre mark ventre mark ventre mark ventre mark ventre mark ventre mark ventre sunday, june 26, 2016 5:06 pm 1 x acer monitor 1 x lenovo yoga pro 2 (windows 8) 1 x gigaware ethernet dongle (connected laptop) logitech k360 wireless keyboard","Mark Ventre Mark Ventre   Sunday, June 26, 2016 5:06 PM 1 x Acer monitor 1 x Lenovo Yoga Pro 2 (Windows 8) 1 x Gigaware ethernet dongle (connected to laptop) Logitech K360 wireless keyboard    ","mark ventre mark ventre sunday, june 26, 2016 5:06 pm 1 x acer monitor 1 x lenovo yoga pro 2 (windows 8) 1 x gigaware ethernet dongle (connected laptop) logitech k360 wireless keyboard"
231,Meghan Varga," Sunday, June 26, 2016 6:14 PM 2 x HP Compaq LA 2006x monitors 1 x HP Docking station (older 9470 compatible model) 1 x HP 9470m laptop HP wireless keyboard & mouse combo Cisco 7945 phone    ","[70, 0, 157, 776]",[976],"Meghan Varga Meghan Varga Meghan Varga Meghan Varga Meghan Varga Meghan Varga Meghan Varga Meghan Varga Meghan Varga Meghan Varga   Sunday, June 26, 2016 6:14 PM 2 x HP Compaq LA 2006x monitors 1 x HP Docking station (older 9470 compatible model) 1 x HP 9470m laptop HP wireless keyboard & mouse combo Cisco 7945 phone    ","meghan varga meghan varga meghan varga meghan varga meghan varga meghan varga meghan varga meghan varga meghan varga meghan varga sunday, june 26, 2016 6:14 pm 2 x hp compaq la 2006x monitor 1 x hp dock station (older 9470 compatible model) 1 x hp 9470m laptop hp wireless keyboard & mouse combo cisco 7945 phone","Meghan Varga Meghan Varga   Sunday, June 26, 2016 6:14 PM 2 x HP Compaq LA 2006x monitors 1 x HP Docking station (older 9470 compatible model) 1 x HP 9470m laptop HP wireless keyboard & mouse combo Cisco 7945 phone    ","meghan varga meghan varga sunday, june 26, 2016 6:14 pm 2 x hp compaq la 2006x monitor 1 x hp dock station (older 9470 compatible model) 1 x hp 9470m laptop hp wireless keyboard & mouse combo cisco 7945 phone"
232,Mike Smith," Sunday, June 26, 2016 5:08 PM 2 x HP EliteDisplay E221 1 x HP Ultraslim docking station 1 x HP 9480m laptop HP wireless keyboard & mouse combo Cisco 7945 phone    ","[72, 0, 162, 775]",[967],"Mike Smith Mike Smith Mike Smith Mike Smith Mike Smith Mike Smith Mike Smith Mike Smith Mike Smith Mike Smith   Sunday, June 26, 2016 5:08 PM 2 x HP EliteDisplay E221 1 x HP Ultraslim docking station 1 x HP 9480m laptop HP wireless keyboard & mouse combo Cisco 7945 phone    ","mike smith mike smith mike smith mike smith mike smith mike smith mike smith mike smith mike smith mike smith sunday, june 26, 2016 5:08 pm 2 x hp elitedisplay e221 1 x hp ultraslim dock station 1 x hp 9480m laptop hp wireless keyboard & mouse combo cisco 7945 phone","Mike Smith Mike Smith   Sunday, June 26, 2016 5:08 PM 2 x HP EliteDisplay E221 1 x HP Ultraslim docking station 1 x HP 9480m laptop HP wireless keyboard & mouse combo Cisco 7945 phone    ","mike smith mike smith sunday, june 26, 2016 5:08 pm 2 x hp elitedisplay e221 1 x hp ultraslim dock station 1 x hp 9480m laptop hp wireless keyboard & mouse combo cisco 7945 phone"
233,Mobile Phone access," Tuesday, April 3, 2018 11:42 AM Normally if a user wishes to access the Salesforce/Omniview dash board they would simply need to  open a browser on whatever device they are using and navigate to salesforce.berkadia.com They will normally be redirected to a ADFS login page (if outside the network) where they are  prompted for the domain/username and password However some users are set up to use the salesforce app on their mobile device but all this means is  that the vendor’s mobile app will automatically open when they log in from his phone The URL and the access path is the same regardless.  Salesforce.berkadia.com and it should route  them to the Berkadia ADFS login page.  From there they would use their network login information.  However when a user attempts to use the salesforce app some problems pop up because we believe  the phone is accessing a cached URL from Salesforce. This can cause login issues.  The vendor,  Salesforce, pushes back their own URL to the phones.  So it can sometimes save in cache when you  try to access the next time.  It’s a problem that we have been working with the vendor to resolve,  but no resolution yet. In order to counter this a user needs to manually enter the Salesforce.berkadia.com URL on their  phone to access Salesforce.  Below are notes and screenshots related to this issue: 1. For logins from iPhone or iPad  -  Safari saves the ‘frequently visited sites’ as  login.salesforce.com.  If a user selects this shortcut on the next login, it will default to the login  page for login.salesforce.com.  This URL will NOT work for logins using the gmaccm\username.   The user must go to salesforce.berkadia.com for the login, which is the ADFS (authenticated)   login page.  OmniView Support Team is working with the vendor (Salesforce) to have this save  the correct Berkadia URL as the ‘default’ (and prevent the vendor from pushing down their  own default URL). INCORRECT Login Page:  CORRECT Login Page:         ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[218, 219]","Mobile Phone access Mobile Phone access Mobile Phone access Mobile Phone access Mobile Phone access Mobile Phone access Mobile Phone access Mobile Phone access Mobile Phone access Mobile Phone access   Tuesday, April 3, 2018 11:42 AM Normally if a user wishes to access the Salesforce/Omniview dash board they would simply need to  open a browser on whatever device they are using and navigate to salesforce.berkadia.com They will normally be redirected to a ADFS login page (if outside the network) where they are  prompted for the domain/username and password However some users are set up to use the salesforce app on their mobile device but all this means is  that the vendor’s mobile app will automatically open when they log in from his phone The URL and the access path is the same regardless.  Salesforce.berkadia.com and it should route  them to the Berkadia ADFS login page.  From there they would use their network login information.  However when a user attempts to use the salesforce app some problems pop up because we believe  the phone is accessing a cached URL from Salesforce. This can cause login issues.  The vendor,  Salesforce, pushes back their own URL to the phones.  So it can sometimes save in cache when you  try to access the next time.  It’s a problem that we have been working with the vendor to resolve,  but no resolution yet. In order to counter this a user needs to manually enter the Salesforce.berkadia.com URL on their  phone to access Salesforce.  Below are notes and screenshots related to this issue: 1. For logins from iPhone or iPad  -  Safari saves the ‘frequently visited sites’ as  login.salesforce.com.  If a user selects this shortcut on the next login, it will default to the login  page for login.salesforce.com.  This URL will NOT work for logins using the gmaccm\username.   The user must go to salesforce.berkadia.com for the login, which is the ADFS (authenticated)   login page.  OmniView Support Team is working with the vendor (Salesforce) to have this save  the correct Berkadia URL as the ‘default’ (and prevent the vendor from pushing down their  own default URL). INCORRECT Login Page:  CORRECT Login Page:         ","mobile phone access mobile phone access mobile phone access mobile phone access mobile phone access mobile phone access mobile phone access mobile phone access mobile phone access mobile phone access tuesday, april 3, 2018 11:42 normally user wish access salesforce/omniview dash board would simply need open browser whatever device use navigate salesforce.berkadia.com normally redirect adfs login page (if outside network) prompt domain/username password however users set use salesforce app mobile device mean vendor’s mobile app automatically open log phone url access path regardless. salesforce.berkadia.com route berkadia adfs login page. would use network login information. however user attempt use salesforce app problems pop believe phone access cache url salesforce. cause login issues. vendor, salesforce, push back url phones. sometimes save cache try access next time. it’s problem work vendor resolve, resolution yet. order counter user need manually enter salesforce.berkadia.com url phone access salesforce. note screenshots relate issue: 1. logins iphone ipad - safari save ‘frequently visit sites’ login.salesforce.com. user select shortcut next login, default login page login.salesforce.com. url work logins use gmaccm\username. user must go salesforce.berkadia.com login, adfs (authenticated) login page. omniview support team work vendor (salesforce) save correct berkadia url ‘default’ (and prevent vendor push default url). incorrect login page: correct login page:","Mobile Phone access Mobile Phone access   Tuesday, April 3, 2018 11:42 AM Normally if a user wishes to access the Salesforce/Omniview dash board they would simply need to  open a browser on whatever device they are using and navigate to salesforce.berkadia.com They will normally be redirected to a ADFS login page (if outside the network) where they are  prompted for the domain/username and password However some users are set up to use the salesforce app on their mobile device but all this means is  that the vendor’s mobile app will automatically open when they log in from his phone The URL and the access path is the same regardless.  Salesforce.berkadia.com and it should route  them to the Berkadia ADFS login page.  From there they would use their network login information.  However when a user attempts to use the salesforce app some problems pop up because we believe  the phone is accessing a cached URL from Salesforce. This can cause login issues.  The vendor,  Salesforce, pushes back their own URL to the phones.  So it can sometimes save in cache when you  try to access the next time.  It’s a problem that we have been working with the vendor to resolve,  but no resolution yet. In order to counter this a user needs to manually enter the Salesforce.berkadia.com URL on their  phone to access Salesforce.  Below are notes and screenshots related to this issue: 1. For logins from iPhone or iPad  -  Safari saves the ‘frequently visited sites’ as  login.salesforce.com.  If a user selects this shortcut on the next login, it will default to the login  page for login.salesforce.com.  This URL will NOT work for logins using the gmaccm\username.   The user must go to salesforce.berkadia.com for the login, which is the ADFS (authenticated)   login page.  OmniView Support Team is working with the vendor (Salesforce) to have this save  the correct Berkadia URL as the ‘default’ (and prevent the vendor from pushing down their  own default URL). INCORRECT Login Page:  CORRECT Login Page:         ","mobile phone access mobile phone access tuesday, april 3, 2018 11:42 normally user wish access salesforce/omniview dash board would simply need open browser whatever device use navigate salesforce.berkadia.com normally redirect adfs login page (if outside network) prompt domain/username password however users set use salesforce app mobile device mean vendor’s mobile app automatically open log phone url access path regardless. salesforce.berkadia.com route berkadia adfs login page. would use network login information. however user attempt use salesforce app problems pop believe phone access cache url salesforce. cause login issues. vendor, salesforce, push back url phones. sometimes save cache try access next time. it’s problem work vendor resolve, resolution yet. order counter user need manually enter salesforce.berkadia.com url phone access salesforce. note screenshots relate issue: 1. logins iphone ipad - safari save ‘frequently visit sites’ login.salesforce.com. user select shortcut next login, default login page login.salesforce.com. url work logins use gmaccm\username. user must go salesforce.berkadia.com login, adfs (authenticated) login page. omniview support team work vendor (salesforce) save correct berkadia url ‘default’ (and prevent vendor push default url). incorrect login page: correct login page:"
234,MobileIron Admin Guide," Monday, June 24, 2013 8:48 AM Accessing the MobileIron Admin Consoleac https://mdm.berkadia.com/admin  Adding a user to MobileIron 1. 2. 3. If the user is replacing an old device, Retire the old device before adding the new one Ensure the user is in the AD group MobileIron Users Verify that MobileIron knows they are in the group a. Click Users & Devices, User Management b. Click the To dropdown and change it from Authorized Users to LDAP Entities a. Click the View Users link on the far right of the page for MobileIron Users b. If you don’t see the user, close the user list and change the To dropdown back to  Authorized Users c. Click the Resync with LDAP button d. Wait 5 minutes then check again 4. Add the user a. Click Users & Devices, All Devices b. Click the Register Device button c. d. Start tying the user’s name or NT username A dropdown will appear, select the appropriate user     e. Check the box next to This device has no phone number i. Even if the device has a phone number, check this as it is only used to send  the user a text message saying they can register f. g. h. i. j. Choose the device platform (e.g. iOS or Anroid) Skip the Country, Mobile and Operator Choose the Device Owner and Device Language Choose whether or not to Email the user instructions Click Register 5. A popup will appear with some basic information confirming the user was added. Click OK 6. Assign them the Labels by first clicking check box next to the user     7. Click the More Actions button, then Assign To Label at the bottom 8. Depending on what the user signed up for (Berkadia E-Mail, Berkadia Wi-Fi or both, most likely  E-Mail and Wi-Fi), check the box next to the Label and click Apply 9. Click OK to the confirmation message 10. Inform the user to proceed with activating their device Removing a device from MobileIron (e.g. leaving the company, lost  device, switching devices, etc) 1. Click Users & Devices, All Devices 2. Check the box next to the device you are removing 3. Ensure there are no other boxes checked 4. 5. Click the More Actions dropdown Click Retire     5. Click Retire a. Even if a user lost a device, do not worry about clicking Lost as this only puts the device  in a category for organizational purposes and does not take any action on the device 6. A popup will appear. Verify you have the correct device, put a note in the note field and click  Retire 7. A popup will appear notifying you the device has been retired. The next time the device checks  in it will remove any Berkadia related data including email. This will NOT remove any personal  data from the device. Troubleshooting Manually checking the device in iPhone 1. 2. Open the MobileIron app Click Settings on the bottom right 3. Click the Force Device Check-in button     4. Confirm by clicking Check-In Android 1. 2. Open the MobileIron app Push the Menu button and choose Connect Now. A message will appear near the bottom  indicating it has requested a connection      Getting an Unauthorized Error when first logging into the MobileIron Client 1. 2. Verify the user is entering their credentials correctly (no GMACCM prefix should be used) Click Users & Devices,User Management 3. Locate the newly added user here and verify have the following 4 roles applied: a. b. c. d. MyPhone@Work Locate MyPhone@Work Lock MyPhone@Work Wipe User Portal 4. 5. If they do not (most likely they have no roles), ensure the user is in the MobileIron Users ActiveDirectory Group and follow step 2 in Adding a Device to MobileIron above to resync  MobileIron with AD which will populate the roles for the user Once the Roles appear, have the user try activating their device again Getting Unauthorized Error when configuring E-Mail 1. Click Users & Devices, ActiveSync Devices     2. Find the user having an issue, their Sync Status will be set to Blocked 3. Click the check box next to the user and click the Allow button 4. Add an optional note and click Allow ActiveSync Device 5. A notification will appear notifying you it has been enabled. Click OK 6. On the device, go back into MobileIron and re-run the email configuration A Configuration does not get pushed to a device 1. Check to see the Policy and App Settings status. Click the user name (not the checkbox), then  expand the triangles on the far right of the screen     2. Pending indicates it has not applied. To force the device to check for updates, make sure the  device has good data coverage. In the MobileIron console, click Users & Devices, All Devices 3. Click the check box next to the user and click the More Actions, Force Device Check-In 4. 5. The device will should connect up and refresh the policies within 2 minutes. If it is still having issues applying policies or app settings, retire the device and then reregister  it.    ","[72, 0, 72, 779]","[27, 34]","MobileIron Admin Guide MobileIron Admin Guide MobileIron Admin Guide MobileIron Admin Guide MobileIron Admin Guide MobileIron Admin Guide MobileIron Admin Guide MobileIron Admin Guide MobileIron Admin Guide MobileIron Admin Guide   Monday, June 24, 2013 8:48 AM Accessing the MobileIron Admin Consoleac https://mdm.berkadia.com/admin  Adding a user to MobileIron 1. 2. 3. If the user is replacing an old device, Retire the old device before adding the new one Ensure the user is in the AD group MobileIron Users Verify that MobileIron knows they are in the group a. Click Users & Devices, User Management b. Click the To dropdown and change it from Authorized Users to LDAP Entities a. Click the View Users link on the far right of the page for MobileIron Users b. If you don’t see the user, close the user list and change the To dropdown back to  Authorized Users c. Click the Resync with LDAP button d. Wait 5 minutes then check again 4. Add the user a. Click Users & Devices, All Devices b. Click the Register Device button c. d. Start tying the user’s name or NT username A dropdown will appear, select the appropriate user     e. Check the box next to This device has no phone number i. Even if the device has a phone number, check this as it is only used to send  the user a text message saying they can register f. g. h. i. j. Choose the device platform (e.g. iOS or Anroid) Skip the Country, Mobile and Operator Choose the Device Owner and Device Language Choose whether or not to Email the user instructions Click Register 5. A popup will appear with some basic information confirming the user was added. Click OK 6. Assign them the Labels by first clicking check box next to the user     7. Click the More Actions button, then Assign To Label at the bottom 8. Depending on what the user signed up for (Berkadia E-Mail, Berkadia Wi-Fi or both, most likely  E-Mail and Wi-Fi), check the box next to the Label and click Apply 9. Click OK to the confirmation message 10. Inform the user to proceed with activating their device Removing a device from MobileIron (e.g. leaving the company, lost  device, switching devices, etc) 1. Click Users & Devices, All Devices 2. Check the box next to the device you are removing 3. Ensure there are no other boxes checked 4. 5. Click the More Actions dropdown Click Retire     5. Click Retire a. Even if a user lost a device, do not worry about clicking Lost as this only puts the device  in a category for organizational purposes and does not take any action on the device 6. A popup will appear. Verify you have the correct device, put a note in the note field and click  Retire 7. A popup will appear notifying you the device has been retired. The next time the device checks  in it will remove any Berkadia related data including email. This will NOT remove any personal  data from the device. Troubleshooting Manually checking the device in iPhone 1. 2. Open the MobileIron app Click Settings on the bottom right 3. Click the Force Device Check-in button     4. Confirm by clicking Check-In Android 1. 2. Open the MobileIron app Push the Menu button and choose Connect Now. A message will appear near the bottom  indicating it has requested a connection      Getting an Unauthorized Error when first logging into the MobileIron Client 1. 2. Verify the user is entering their credentials correctly (no GMACCM prefix should be used) Click Users & Devices,User Management 3. Locate the newly added user here and verify have the following 4 roles applied: a. b. c. d. MyPhone@Work Locate MyPhone@Work Lock MyPhone@Work Wipe User Portal 4. 5. If they do not (most likely they have no roles), ensure the user is in the MobileIron Users ActiveDirectory Group and follow step 2 in Adding a Device to MobileIron above to resync  MobileIron with AD which will populate the roles for the user Once the Roles appear, have the user try activating their device again Getting Unauthorized Error when configuring E-Mail 1. Click Users & Devices, ActiveSync Devices     2. Find the user having an issue, their Sync Status will be set to Blocked 3. Click the check box next to the user and click the Allow button 4. Add an optional note and click Allow ActiveSync Device 5. A notification will appear notifying you it has been enabled. Click OK 6. On the device, go back into MobileIron and re-run the email configuration A Configuration does not get pushed to a device 1. Check to see the Policy and App Settings status. Click the user name (not the checkbox), then  expand the triangles on the far right of the screen     2. Pending indicates it has not applied. To force the device to check for updates, make sure the  device has good data coverage. In the MobileIron console, click Users & Devices, All Devices 3. Click the check box next to the user and click the More Actions, Force Device Check-In 4. 5. The device will should connect up and refresh the policies within 2 minutes. If it is still having issues applying policies or app settings, retire the device and then reregister  it.    ","mobileiron admin guide mobileiron admin guide mobileiron admin guide mobileiron admin guide mobileiron admin guide mobileiron admin guide mobileiron admin guide mobileiron admin guide mobileiron admin guide mobileiron admin guide monday, june 24, 2013 8:48 access mobileiron admin consoleac https://mdm.berkadia.com/admin add user mobileiron 1. 2. 3. user replace old device, retire old device add new one ensure user ad group mobileiron users verify mobileiron know group a. click users & devices, user management b. click dropdown change authorize users ldap entities a. click view users link far right page mobileiron users b. don’t see user, close user list change dropdown back authorize users c. click resync ldap button d. wait 5 minutes check 4. add user a. click users & devices, devices b. click register device button c. d. start tie user’s name nt username dropdown appear, select appropriate user e. check box next device phone number i. even device phone number, check use send user text message say register f. g. h. i. j. choose device platform (e.g. ios anroid) skip country, mobile operator choose device owner device language choose whether email user instructions click register 5. popup appear basic information confirm user added. click ok 6. assign label first click check box next user 7. click action button, assign label bottom 8. depend user sign (berkadia e-mail, berkadia wi-fi both, likely e-mail wi-fi), check box next label click apply 9. click ok confirmation message 10. inform user proceed activate device remove device mobileiron (e.g. leave company, lose device, switch devices, etc) 1. click users & devices, devices 2. check box next device remove 3. ensure box check 4. 5. click action dropdown click retire 5. click retire a. even user lose device, worry click lose put device category organizational purpose take action device 6. popup appear. verify correct device, put note note field click retire 7. popup appear notify device retired. next time device check remove berkadia relate data include email. remove personal data device. troubleshoot manually check device iphone 1. 2. open mobileiron app click settings bottom right 3. click force device check-in button 4. confirm click check-in android 1. 2. open mobileiron app push menu button choose connect now. message appear near bottom indicate request connection get unauthorized error first log mobileiron client 1. 2. verify user enter credentials correctly (no gmaccm prefix used) click users & devices,user management 3. locate newly add user verify follow 4 roles applied: a. b. c. d. myphone@work locate myphone@work lock myphone@work wipe user portal 4. 5. (most likely roles), ensure user mobileiron users activedirectory group follow step 2 add device mobileiron resync mobileiron ad populate roles user roles appear, user try activate device get unauthorized error configure e-mail 1. click users & devices, activesync devices 2. find user issue, sync status set block 3. click check box next user click allow button 4. add optional note click allow activesync device 5. notification appear notify enabled. click ok 6. device, go back mobileiron re-run email configuration configuration get push device 1. check see policy app settings status. click user name (not checkbox), expand triangles far right screen 2. pending indicate applied. force device check updates, make sure device good data coverage. mobileiron console, click users & devices, devices 3. click check box next user click actions, force device check-in 4. 5. device connect refresh policies within 2 minutes. still issue apply policies app settings, retire device reregister it.","MobileIron Admin Guide MobileIron Admin Guide   Monday, June 24, 2013 8:48 AM Accessing the MobileIron Admin Consoleac https://mdm.berkadia.com/admin  Adding a user to MobileIron 1. 2. 3. If the user is replacing an old device, Retire the old device before adding the new one Ensure the user is in the AD group MobileIron Users Verify that MobileIron knows they are in the group a. Click Users & Devices, User Management b. Click the To dropdown and change it from Authorized Users to LDAP Entities a. Click the View Users link on the far right of the page for MobileIron Users b. If you don’t see the user, close the user list and change the To dropdown back to  Authorized Users c. Click the Resync with LDAP button d. Wait 5 minutes then check again 4. Add the user a. Click Users & Devices, All Devices b. Click the Register Device button c. d. Start tying the user’s name or NT username A dropdown will appear, select the appropriate user     e. Check the box next to This device has no phone number i. Even if the device has a phone number, check this as it is only used to send  the user a text message saying they can register f. g. h. i. j. Choose the device platform (e.g. iOS or Anroid) Skip the Country, Mobile and Operator Choose the Device Owner and Device Language Choose whether or not to Email the user instructions Click Register 5. A popup will appear with some basic information confirming the user was added. Click OK 6. Assign them the Labels by first clicking check box next to the user     7. Click the More Actions button, then Assign To Label at the bottom 8. Depending on what the user signed up for (Berkadia E-Mail, Berkadia Wi-Fi or both, most likely  E-Mail and Wi-Fi), check the box next to the Label and click Apply 9. Click OK to the confirmation message 10. Inform the user to proceed with activating their device Removing a device from MobileIron (e.g. leaving the company, lost  device, switching devices, etc) 1. Click Users & Devices, All Devices 2. Check the box next to the device you are removing 3. Ensure there are no other boxes checked 4. 5. Click the More Actions dropdown Click Retire     5. Click Retire a. Even if a user lost a device, do not worry about clicking Lost as this only puts the device  in a category for organizational purposes and does not take any action on the device 6. A popup will appear. Verify you have the correct device, put a note in the note field and click  Retire 7. A popup will appear notifying you the device has been retired. The next time the device checks  in it will remove any Berkadia related data including email. This will NOT remove any personal  data from the device. Troubleshooting Manually checking the device in iPhone 1. 2. Open the MobileIron app Click Settings on the bottom right 3. Click the Force Device Check-in button     4. Confirm by clicking Check-In Android 1. 2. Open the MobileIron app Push the Menu button and choose Connect Now. A message will appear near the bottom  indicating it has requested a connection      Getting an Unauthorized Error when first logging into the MobileIron Client 1. 2. Verify the user is entering their credentials correctly (no GMACCM prefix should be used) Click Users & Devices,User Management 3. Locate the newly added user here and verify have the following 4 roles applied: a. b. c. d. MyPhone@Work Locate MyPhone@Work Lock MyPhone@Work Wipe User Portal 4. 5. If they do not (most likely they have no roles), ensure the user is in the MobileIron Users ActiveDirectory Group and follow step 2 in Adding a Device to MobileIron above to resync  MobileIron with AD which will populate the roles for the user Once the Roles appear, have the user try activating their device again Getting Unauthorized Error when configuring E-Mail 1. Click Users & Devices, ActiveSync Devices     2. Find the user having an issue, their Sync Status will be set to Blocked 3. Click the check box next to the user and click the Allow button 4. Add an optional note and click Allow ActiveSync Device 5. A notification will appear notifying you it has been enabled. Click OK 6. On the device, go back into MobileIron and re-run the email configuration A Configuration does not get pushed to a device 1. Check to see the Policy and App Settings status. Click the user name (not the checkbox), then  expand the triangles on the far right of the screen     2. Pending indicates it has not applied. To force the device to check for updates, make sure the  device has good data coverage. In the MobileIron console, click Users & Devices, All Devices 3. Click the check box next to the user and click the More Actions, Force Device Check-In 4. 5. The device will should connect up and refresh the policies within 2 minutes. If it is still having issues applying policies or app settings, retire the device and then reregister  it.    ","mobileiron admin guide mobileiron admin guide monday, june 24, 2013 8:48 access mobileiron admin consoleac https://mdm.berkadia.com/admin add user mobileiron 1. 2. 3. user replace old device, retire old device add new one ensure user ad group mobileiron users verify mobileiron know group a. click users & devices, user management b. click dropdown change authorize users ldap entities a. click view users link far right page mobileiron users b. don’t see user, close user list change dropdown back authorize users c. click resync ldap button d. wait 5 minutes check 4. add user a. click users & devices, devices b. click register device button c. d. start tie user’s name nt username dropdown appear, select appropriate user e. check box next device phone number i. even device phone number, check use send user text message say register f. g. h. i. j. choose device platform (e.g. ios anroid) skip country, mobile operator choose device owner device language choose whether email user instructions click register 5. popup appear basic information confirm user added. click ok 6. assign label first click check box next user 7. click action button, assign label bottom 8. depend user sign (berkadia e-mail, berkadia wi-fi both, likely e-mail wi-fi), check box next label click apply 9. click ok confirmation message 10. inform user proceed activate device remove device mobileiron (e.g. leave company, lose device, switch devices, etc) 1. click users & devices, devices 2. check box next device remove 3. ensure box check 4. 5. click action dropdown click retire 5. click retire a. even user lose device, worry click lose put device category organizational purpose take action device 6. popup appear. verify correct device, put note note field click retire 7. popup appear notify device retired. next time device check remove berkadia relate data include email. remove personal data device. troubleshoot manually check device iphone 1. 2. open mobileiron app click settings bottom right 3. click force device check-in button 4. confirm click check-in android 1. 2. open mobileiron app push menu button choose connect now. message appear near bottom indicate request connection get unauthorized error first log mobileiron client 1. 2. verify user enter credentials correctly (no gmaccm prefix used) click users & devices,user management 3. locate newly add user verify follow 4 roles applied: a. b. c. d. myphone@work locate myphone@work lock myphone@work wipe user portal 4. 5. (most likely roles), ensure user mobileiron users activedirectory group follow step 2 add device mobileiron resync mobileiron ad populate roles user roles appear, user try activate device get unauthorized error configure e-mail 1. click users & devices, activesync devices 2. find user issue, sync status set block 3. click check box next user click allow button 4. add optional note click allow activesync device 5. notification appear notify enabled. click ok 6. device, go back mobileiron re-run email configuration configuration get push device 1. check see policy app settings status. click user name (not checkbox), expand triangles far right screen 2. pending indicate applied. force device check updates, make sure device good data coverage. mobileiron console, click users & devices, devices 3. click check box next user click actions, force device check-in 4. 5. device connect refresh policies within 2 minutes. still issue apply policies app settings, retire device reregister it."
235,MobileIron Android Configuration," Monday, March 21, 2016 2:15 PM","[72, 769, 227, 779]",[35],"MobileIron Android Configuration MobileIron Android Configuration MobileIron Android Configuration MobileIron Android Configuration MobileIron Android Configuration MobileIron Android Configuration MobileIron Android Configuration MobileIron Android Configuration MobileIron Android Configuration MobileIron Android Configuration   Monday, March 21, 2016 2:15 PM","mobileiron android configuration mobileiron android configuration mobileiron android configuration mobileiron android configuration mobileiron android configuration mobileiron android configuration mobileiron android configuration mobileiron android configuration mobileiron android configuration mobileiron android configuration monday, march 21, 2016 2:15 pm","MobileIron Android Configuration MobileIron Android Configuration   Monday, March 21, 2016 2:15 PM","mobileiron android configuration mobileiron android configuration monday, march 21, 2016 2:15 pm"
236,MyBU Troubleshooting," Friday, July 08, 2016 12:02 PM MYBU Troubleshooting We may be receiving calls and emails soon regarding My Berkadia University. Below you’ll find some  examples of issues that the Helpdesk and NOC need to be aware of.  ( https://mybu.berkadia.com/ ) Issue #1: Make sure HTTPS is used in the URL. The user should be visiting  https://mybu.berkadia.com NOT http://mybu.berkadia.com Issue #2: If Internet Explorer 10 or 11 isn’t loading the page properly, we need to change the  compatibility mode by pressing “F12.” Select IE10 mode, see below for examples. (Google Chrome  does appear to work without any additional configuration) IE11: IE10:  Another fix that can be implemented is resetting Internet Explorer (without clearing personal  settings). Open IE10/11, Click the gear in the upper right hand corner, and select Internet Options:      Click the Advanced tab, and then click the Reset button near the bottom of the window: In that dialog box, make sure ""Delete personal settings"" is not checked, then click Close, then OK.  Restart the computer and retest. Issue #3:  A user calls in reporting that they cannot load a specific course on their iPhone or Android  phone. These mobile devices are not technically supported. The user must utilize a computer or  tablet with a larger screen to resolve this. Typically this only occurs intermittently on Skillport  courses. Issue #4: You may encounter java errors specifically involving MyBU admins. Currently the vendor is  working on this. We can advise to refresh page or use Google Chrome until this is fully resolved. Issue #5: If you have users who are trying to get to any of our Cloud Hosted Sites using the  Forticlient VPN, you will need to ensure their FortiSSL setting in IE is configured as follows: Under IE Internet Options->Connections Tab->Dial-up and Virtual Private Network Settings->  Settings      Settings Change the Proxy Field to point to the PAC File: http://pac.gmaccm.com/proxy.pac      This is needed to connect to any cloud hosted sites with Berkadia CNAMES. So this would apply to  Media.berkadia.com, Jobs.berkadia.com, and Mybu.berkadia.com. Ultimately, when we deploy the new proxy, we’ll automatically be adjusting this setting (or  Removing it) so that users automatically use the PAC File during their VPN Connections. While we should be using the escalation process within Incident Monitor to escalate tickets to  MyBUsupport, you can follow up with this group on related requests through this address:  support.MyBu@berkadia.com It should also be noted that If anyone contacts the helpdesk about BeTube or media.berkadia.com  the escalated requests will go to the same MyBUsupport group.  Please read the attached FAQ and watch this video (6min) for further information:  https://media.berkadia.com/video/95.aspx We can also direct users to the “Resources” section of MyBU page:         ","[72, 0, 72, 779]","[199, 203]","MyBU Troubleshooting MyBU Troubleshooting MyBU Troubleshooting MyBU Troubleshooting MyBU Troubleshooting MyBU Troubleshooting MyBU Troubleshooting MyBU Troubleshooting MyBU Troubleshooting MyBU Troubleshooting   Friday, July 08, 2016 12:02 PM MYBU Troubleshooting We may be receiving calls and emails soon regarding My Berkadia University. Below you’ll find some  examples of issues that the Helpdesk and NOC need to be aware of.  ( https://mybu.berkadia.com/ ) Issue #1: Make sure HTTPS is used in the URL. The user should be visiting  https://mybu.berkadia.com NOT http://mybu.berkadia.com Issue #2: If Internet Explorer 10 or 11 isn’t loading the page properly, we need to change the  compatibility mode by pressing “F12.” Select IE10 mode, see below for examples. (Google Chrome  does appear to work without any additional configuration) IE11: IE10:  Another fix that can be implemented is resetting Internet Explorer (without clearing personal  settings). Open IE10/11, Click the gear in the upper right hand corner, and select Internet Options:      Click the Advanced tab, and then click the Reset button near the bottom of the window: In that dialog box, make sure ""Delete personal settings"" is not checked, then click Close, then OK.  Restart the computer and retest. Issue #3:  A user calls in reporting that they cannot load a specific course on their iPhone or Android  phone. These mobile devices are not technically supported. The user must utilize a computer or  tablet with a larger screen to resolve this. Typically this only occurs intermittently on Skillport  courses. Issue #4: You may encounter java errors specifically involving MyBU admins. Currently the vendor is  working on this. We can advise to refresh page or use Google Chrome until this is fully resolved. Issue #5: If you have users who are trying to get to any of our Cloud Hosted Sites using the  Forticlient VPN, you will need to ensure their FortiSSL setting in IE is configured as follows: Under IE Internet Options->Connections Tab->Dial-up and Virtual Private Network Settings->  Settings      Settings Change the Proxy Field to point to the PAC File: http://pac.gmaccm.com/proxy.pac      This is needed to connect to any cloud hosted sites with Berkadia CNAMES. So this would apply to  Media.berkadia.com, Jobs.berkadia.com, and Mybu.berkadia.com. Ultimately, when we deploy the new proxy, we’ll automatically be adjusting this setting (or  Removing it) so that users automatically use the PAC File during their VPN Connections. While we should be using the escalation process within Incident Monitor to escalate tickets to  MyBUsupport, you can follow up with this group on related requests through this address:  support.MyBu@berkadia.com It should also be noted that If anyone contacts the helpdesk about BeTube or media.berkadia.com  the escalated requests will go to the same MyBUsupport group.  Please read the attached FAQ and watch this video (6min) for further information:  https://media.berkadia.com/video/95.aspx We can also direct users to the “Resources” section of MyBU page:         ","mybu troubleshoot mybu troubleshoot mybu troubleshoot mybu troubleshoot mybu troubleshoot mybu troubleshoot mybu troubleshoot mybu troubleshoot mybu troubleshoot mybu troubleshoot friday, july 08, 2016 12:02 pm mybu troubleshoot may receive call email soon regard berkadia university. you’ll find examples issue helpdesk noc need aware of. ( https://mybu.berkadia.com/ ) issue #1: make sure https use url. user visit https://mybu.berkadia.com http://mybu.berkadia.com issue #2: internet explorer 10 11 isn’t load page properly, need change compatibility mode press “f12.” select ie10 mode, see examples. (google chrome appear work without additional configuration) ie11: ie10: another fix implement reset internet explorer (without clear personal settings). open ie10/11, click gear upper right hand corner, select internet options: click advance tab, click reset button near bottom window: dialog box, make sure ""delete personal settings"" checked, click close, ok. restart computer retest. issue #3: user call report cannot load specific course iphone android phone. mobile devices technically supported. user must utilize computer tablet larger screen resolve this. typically occur intermittently skillport courses. issue #4: may encounter java errors specifically involve mybu admins. currently vendor work this. advise refresh page use google chrome fully resolved. issue #5: users try get cloud host sit use forticlient vpn, need ensure fortissl set ie configure follows: ie internet options->connections tab->dial-up virtual private network settings-> settings settings change proxy field point pac file: http://pac.gmaccm.com/proxy.pac need connect cloud host sit berkadia cnames. would apply media.berkadia.com, jobs.berkadia.com, mybu.berkadia.com. ultimately, deploy new proxy, we’ll automatically adjust set (or remove it) users automatically use pac file vpn connections. use escalation process within incident monitor escalate ticket mybusupport, follow group relate request address: support.mybu@berkadia.com also note anyone contact helpdesk betube media.berkadia.com escalate request go mybusupport group. please read attach faq watch video (6min) information: https://media.berkadia.com/video/95.aspx also direct users “resources” section mybu page:","MyBU Troubleshooting MyBU Troubleshooting   Friday, July 08, 2016 12:02 PM MYBU Troubleshooting We may be receiving calls and emails soon regarding My Berkadia University. Below you’ll find some  examples of issues that the Helpdesk and NOC need to be aware of.  ( https://mybu.berkadia.com/ ) Issue #1: Make sure HTTPS is used in the URL. The user should be visiting  https://mybu.berkadia.com NOT http://mybu.berkadia.com Issue #2: If Internet Explorer 10 or 11 isn’t loading the page properly, we need to change the  compatibility mode by pressing “F12.” Select IE10 mode, see below for examples. (Google Chrome  does appear to work without any additional configuration) IE11: IE10:  Another fix that can be implemented is resetting Internet Explorer (without clearing personal  settings). Open IE10/11, Click the gear in the upper right hand corner, and select Internet Options:      Click the Advanced tab, and then click the Reset button near the bottom of the window: In that dialog box, make sure ""Delete personal settings"" is not checked, then click Close, then OK.  Restart the computer and retest. Issue #3:  A user calls in reporting that they cannot load a specific course on their iPhone or Android  phone. These mobile devices are not technically supported. The user must utilize a computer or  tablet with a larger screen to resolve this. Typically this only occurs intermittently on Skillport  courses. Issue #4: You may encounter java errors specifically involving MyBU admins. Currently the vendor is  working on this. We can advise to refresh page or use Google Chrome until this is fully resolved. Issue #5: If you have users who are trying to get to any of our Cloud Hosted Sites using the  Forticlient VPN, you will need to ensure their FortiSSL setting in IE is configured as follows: Under IE Internet Options->Connections Tab->Dial-up and Virtual Private Network Settings->  Settings      Settings Change the Proxy Field to point to the PAC File: http://pac.gmaccm.com/proxy.pac      This is needed to connect to any cloud hosted sites with Berkadia CNAMES. So this would apply to  Media.berkadia.com, Jobs.berkadia.com, and Mybu.berkadia.com. Ultimately, when we deploy the new proxy, we’ll automatically be adjusting this setting (or  Removing it) so that users automatically use the PAC File during their VPN Connections. While we should be using the escalation process within Incident Monitor to escalate tickets to  MyBUsupport, you can follow up with this group on related requests through this address:  support.MyBu@berkadia.com It should also be noted that If anyone contacts the helpdesk about BeTube or media.berkadia.com  the escalated requests will go to the same MyBUsupport group.  Please read the attached FAQ and watch this video (6min) for further information:  https://media.berkadia.com/video/95.aspx We can also direct users to the “Resources” section of MyBU page:         ","mybu troubleshoot mybu troubleshoot friday, july 08, 2016 12:02 pm mybu troubleshoot may receive call email soon regard berkadia university. you’ll find examples issue helpdesk noc need aware of. ( https://mybu.berkadia.com/ ) issue #1: make sure https use url. user visit https://mybu.berkadia.com http://mybu.berkadia.com issue #2: internet explorer 10 11 isn’t load page properly, need change compatibility mode press “f12.” select ie10 mode, see examples. (google chrome appear work without additional configuration) ie11: ie10: another fix implement reset internet explorer (without clear personal settings). open ie10/11, click gear upper right hand corner, select internet options: click advance tab, click reset button near bottom window: dialog box, make sure ""delete personal settings"" checked, click close, ok. restart computer retest. issue #3: user call report cannot load specific course iphone android phone. mobile devices technically supported. user must utilize computer tablet larger screen resolve this. typically occur intermittently skillport courses. issue #4: may encounter java errors specifically involve mybu admins. currently vendor work this. advise refresh page use google chrome fully resolved. issue #5: users try get cloud host sit use forticlient vpn, need ensure fortissl set ie configure follows: ie internet options->connections tab->dial-up virtual private network settings-> settings settings change proxy field point pac file: http://pac.gmaccm.com/proxy.pac need connect cloud host sit berkadia cnames. would apply media.berkadia.com, jobs.berkadia.com, mybu.berkadia.com. ultimately, deploy new proxy, we’ll automatically adjust set (or remove it) users automatically use pac file vpn connections. use escalation process within incident monitor escalate ticket mybusupport, follow group relate request address: support.mybu@berkadia.com also note anyone contact helpdesk betube media.berkadia.com escalate request go mybusupport group. please read attach faq watch video (6min) information: https://media.berkadia.com/video/95.aspx also direct users “resources” section mybu page:"
237,NEW ApproveIt Replacement Process," Friday, April 20, 2018 10:21 AM https://berkadia.sharepoint.com/O365-Resources/Pages/ApproveIT.aspx","[62, 732, 346, 779]",[180],"NEW ApproveIt Replacement Process NEW ApproveIt Replacement Process NEW ApproveIt Replacement Process NEW ApproveIt Replacement Process NEW ApproveIt Replacement Process NEW ApproveIt Replacement Process NEW ApproveIt Replacement Process NEW ApproveIt Replacement Process NEW ApproveIt Replacement Process NEW ApproveIt Replacement Process   Friday, April 20, 2018 10:21 AM https://berkadia.sharepoint.com/O365-Resources/Pages/ApproveIT.aspx","new approveit replacement process new approveit replacement process new approveit replacement process new approveit replacement process new approveit replacement process new approveit replacement process new approveit replacement process new approveit replacement process new approveit replacement process new approveit replacement process friday, april 20, 2018 10:21 https://berkadia.sharepoint.com/o365-resources/pages/approveit.aspx","NEW ApproveIt Replacement Process NEW ApproveIt Replacement Process   Friday, April 20, 2018 10:21 AM https://berkadia.sharepoint.com/O365-Resources/Pages/ApproveIT.aspx","new approveit replacement process new approveit replacement process friday, april 20, 2018 10:21 https://berkadia.sharepoint.com/o365-resources/pages/approveit.aspx"
238,NEW WIN 10 Desktop Build Checklists," Monday, May 21, 2018 5:08 PM **ALL USERS SHOULD NOW BE RECEIVING WINDOWS 10 UNLESS THEY ARE IN SERVICING** **THESE CHECKLISTS ARE FOR OUR PRODUCTION WINDOWS 10 LAPTOP BUILDS** **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** Use this checklist if you are imaging a NEW 800 g3 desktop Windows 10 New H...    ","[72, 0, 165, 775]",[1147],"NEW WIN 10 Desktop Build Checklists NEW WIN 10 Desktop Build Checklists NEW WIN 10 Desktop Build Checklists NEW WIN 10 Desktop Build Checklists NEW WIN 10 Desktop Build Checklists NEW WIN 10 Desktop Build Checklists NEW WIN 10 Desktop Build Checklists NEW WIN 10 Desktop Build Checklists NEW WIN 10 Desktop Build Checklists NEW WIN 10 Desktop Build Checklists   Monday, May 21, 2018 5:08 PM **ALL USERS SHOULD NOW BE RECEIVING WINDOWS 10 UNLESS THEY ARE IN SERVICING** **THESE CHECKLISTS ARE FOR OUR PRODUCTION WINDOWS 10 LAPTOP BUILDS** **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** Use this checklist if you are imaging a NEW 800 g3 desktop Windows 10 New H...    ","new win 10 desktop build checklists new win 10 desktop build checklists new win 10 desktop build checklists new win 10 desktop build checklists new win 10 desktop build checklists new win 10 desktop build checklists new win 10 desktop build checklists new win 10 desktop build checklists new win 10 desktop build checklists new win 10 desktop build checklists monday, may 21, 2018 5:08 pm **all users receive windows 10 unless servicing** **these checklists production windows 10 laptop builds** **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** use checklist image new 800 g3 desktop windows 10 new h...","NEW WIN 10 Desktop Build Checklists NEW WIN 10 Desktop Build Checklists   Monday, May 21, 2018 5:08 PM **ALL USERS SHOULD NOW BE RECEIVING WINDOWS 10 UNLESS THEY ARE IN SERVICING** **THESE CHECKLISTS ARE FOR OUR PRODUCTION WINDOWS 10 LAPTOP BUILDS** **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** Use this checklist if you are imaging a NEW 800 g3 desktop Windows 10 New H...    ","new win 10 desktop build checklists new win 10 desktop build checklists monday, may 21, 2018 5:08 pm **all users receive windows 10 unless servicing** **these checklists production windows 10 laptop builds** **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** use checklist image new 800 g3 desktop windows 10 new h..."
239,NEW WIN 10 Laptop & Surface Build Checklists," Monday, May 21, 2018 5:00 PM **ALL USERS SHOULD NOW BE RECEIVING WINDOWS 10 UNLESS THEY ARE IN SERVICING** **THESE CHECKLISTS ARE FOR OUR PRODUCTION WINDOWS 10 LAPTOP BUILDS** Use this checklist if you are imaging a NEW Surface or Surfacebook Windows 10 New S... Use this checklist if you are imaging a NEW HP x360 1020 laptop Windows 10 New H... **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** Use this checklist if you are imaging a NEW HP 840 g5 or 840 g3 laptop Windows 10 New H...    ","[72, 0, 165, 775]",[1146],"NEW WIN 10 Laptop & Surface Build Checklists NEW WIN 10 Laptop & Surface Build Checklists NEW WIN 10 Laptop & Surface Build Checklists NEW WIN 10 Laptop & Surface Build Checklists NEW WIN 10 Laptop & Surface Build Checklists NEW WIN 10 Laptop & Surface Build Checklists NEW WIN 10 Laptop & Surface Build Checklists NEW WIN 10 Laptop & Surface Build Checklists NEW WIN 10 Laptop & Surface Build Checklists NEW WIN 10 Laptop & Surface Build Checklists   Monday, May 21, 2018 5:00 PM **ALL USERS SHOULD NOW BE RECEIVING WINDOWS 10 UNLESS THEY ARE IN SERVICING** **THESE CHECKLISTS ARE FOR OUR PRODUCTION WINDOWS 10 LAPTOP BUILDS** Use this checklist if you are imaging a NEW Surface or Surfacebook Windows 10 New S... Use this checklist if you are imaging a NEW HP x360 1020 laptop Windows 10 New H... **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** Use this checklist if you are imaging a NEW HP 840 g5 or 840 g3 laptop Windows 10 New H...    ","new win 10 laptop & surface build checklists new win 10 laptop & surface build checklists new win 10 laptop & surface build checklists new win 10 laptop & surface build checklists new win 10 laptop & surface build checklists new win 10 laptop & surface build checklists new win 10 laptop & surface build checklists new win 10 laptop & surface build checklists new win 10 laptop & surface build checklists new win 10 laptop & surface build checklists monday, may 21, 2018 5:00 pm **all users receive windows 10 unless servicing** **these checklists production windows 10 laptop builds** use checklist image new surface surfacebook windows 10 new s... use checklist image new hp x360 1020 laptop windows 10 new h... **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** use checklist image new hp 840 g5 840 g3 laptop windows 10 new h...","NEW WIN 10 Laptop & Surface Build Checklists NEW WIN 10 Laptop & Surface Build Checklists   Monday, May 21, 2018 5:00 PM **ALL USERS SHOULD NOW BE RECEIVING WINDOWS 10 UNLESS THEY ARE IN SERVICING** **THESE CHECKLISTS ARE FOR OUR PRODUCTION WINDOWS 10 LAPTOP BUILDS** Use this checklist if you are imaging a NEW Surface or Surfacebook Windows 10 New S... Use this checklist if you are imaging a NEW HP x360 1020 laptop Windows 10 New H... **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** Use this checklist if you are imaging a NEW HP 840 g5 or 840 g3 laptop Windows 10 New H...    ","new win 10 laptop & surface build checklists new win 10 laptop & surface build checklists monday, may 21, 2018 5:00 pm **all users receive windows 10 unless servicing** **these checklists production windows 10 laptop builds** use checklist image new surface surfacebook windows 10 new s... use checklist image new hp x360 1020 laptop windows 10 new h... **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** use checklist image new hp 840 g5 840 g3 laptop windows 10 new h..."
240,NEW WIN 7 Desktop Build Checklist (800g2)," Monday, July 24, 2017 11:23 AM Use this checklist when building a new 800g2 NEW Desktop B...    ","[72, 0, 162, 775]",[1150],"NEW WIN 7 Desktop Build Checklist (800g2) NEW WIN 7 Desktop Build Checklist (800g2) NEW WIN 7 Desktop Build Checklist (800g2) NEW WIN 7 Desktop Build Checklist (800g2) NEW WIN 7 Desktop Build Checklist (800g2) NEW WIN 7 Desktop Build Checklist (800g2) NEW WIN 7 Desktop Build Checklist (800g2) NEW WIN 7 Desktop Build Checklist (800g2) NEW WIN 7 Desktop Build Checklist (800g2) NEW WIN 7 Desktop Build Checklist (800g2)   Monday, July 24, 2017 11:23 AM Use this checklist when building a new 800g2 NEW Desktop B...    ","new win 7 desktop build checklist (800g2) new win 7 desktop build checklist (800g2) new win 7 desktop build checklist (800g2) new win 7 desktop build checklist (800g2) new win 7 desktop build checklist (800g2) new win 7 desktop build checklist (800g2) new win 7 desktop build checklist (800g2) new win 7 desktop build checklist (800g2) new win 7 desktop build checklist (800g2) new win 7 desktop build checklist (800g2) monday, july 24, 2017 11:23 use checklist build new 800g2 new desktop b...","NEW WIN 7 Desktop Build Checklist (800g2) NEW WIN 7 Desktop Build Checklist (800g2)   Monday, July 24, 2017 11:23 AM Use this checklist when building a new 800g2 NEW Desktop B...    ","new win 7 desktop build checklist (800g2) new win 7 desktop build checklist (800g2) monday, july 24, 2017 11:23 use checklist build new 800g2 new desktop b..."
241,NEW WIN 7 Laptop Build Checklist (840 G3)," Monday, July 24, 2017 11:22 AM Use this checklist when building a new 840 G3 laptop NEW Laptop Bu...    ","[72, 0, 162, 775]",[1149],"NEW WIN 7 Laptop Build Checklist (840 G3) NEW WIN 7 Laptop Build Checklist (840 G3) NEW WIN 7 Laptop Build Checklist (840 G3) NEW WIN 7 Laptop Build Checklist (840 G3) NEW WIN 7 Laptop Build Checklist (840 G3) NEW WIN 7 Laptop Build Checklist (840 G3) NEW WIN 7 Laptop Build Checklist (840 G3) NEW WIN 7 Laptop Build Checklist (840 G3) NEW WIN 7 Laptop Build Checklist (840 G3) NEW WIN 7 Laptop Build Checklist (840 G3)   Monday, July 24, 2017 11:22 AM Use this checklist when building a new 840 G3 laptop NEW Laptop Bu...    ","new win 7 laptop build checklist (840 g3) new win 7 laptop build checklist (840 g3) new win 7 laptop build checklist (840 g3) new win 7 laptop build checklist (840 g3) new win 7 laptop build checklist (840 g3) new win 7 laptop build checklist (840 g3) new win 7 laptop build checklist (840 g3) new win 7 laptop build checklist (840 g3) new win 7 laptop build checklist (840 g3) new win 7 laptop build checklist (840 g3) monday, july 24, 2017 11:22 use checklist build new 840 g3 laptop new laptop bu...","NEW WIN 7 Laptop Build Checklist (840 G3) NEW WIN 7 Laptop Build Checklist (840 G3)   Monday, July 24, 2017 11:22 AM Use this checklist when building a new 840 G3 laptop NEW Laptop Bu...    ","new win 7 laptop build checklist (840 g3) new win 7 laptop build checklist (840 g3) monday, july 24, 2017 11:22 use checklist build new 840 g3 laptop new laptop bu..."
242,Nancy Bedzey," Sunday, June 26, 2016 6:47 PM 1 x Dell 16:9 monitor 1 x Emprex 4:3 square monitor 1 x Dell Inspiron desktop (Windows 8) Dell USB keyboard & mouse Harmon/kardon speakers Cisco 7945 phone         ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[977, 978]","Nancy Bedzey Nancy Bedzey Nancy Bedzey Nancy Bedzey Nancy Bedzey Nancy Bedzey Nancy Bedzey Nancy Bedzey Nancy Bedzey Nancy Bedzey   Sunday, June 26, 2016 6:47 PM 1 x Dell 16:9 monitor 1 x Emprex 4:3 square monitor 1 x Dell Inspiron desktop (Windows 8) Dell USB keyboard & mouse Harmon/kardon speakers Cisco 7945 phone         ","nancy bedzey nancy bedzey nancy bedzey nancy bedzey nancy bedzey nancy bedzey nancy bedzey nancy bedzey nancy bedzey nancy bedzey sunday, june 26, 2016 6:47 pm 1 x dell 16:9 monitor 1 x emprex 4:3 square monitor 1 x dell inspiron desktop (windows 8) dell usb keyboard & mouse harmon/kardon speakers cisco 7945 phone","Nancy Bedzey Nancy Bedzey   Sunday, June 26, 2016 6:47 PM 1 x Dell 16:9 monitor 1 x Emprex 4:3 square monitor 1 x Dell Inspiron desktop (Windows 8) Dell USB keyboard & mouse Harmon/kardon speakers Cisco 7945 phone         ","nancy bedzey nancy bedzey sunday, june 26, 2016 6:47 pm 1 x dell 16:9 monitor 1 x emprex 4:3 square monitor 1 x dell inspiron desktop (windows 8) dell usb keyboard & mouse harmon/kardon speakers cisco 7945 phone"
243,Network Closet," Tuesday, October 31, 2017 10:26 AM There is no file server or websense gateway in Cleveland. They connect to the Berkadia network via  a Fortigate VPN appliance that establishes a point to point VPN.         ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[1020, 1021]","Network Closet Network Closet Network Closet Network Closet Network Closet Network Closet Network Closet Network Closet Network Closet Network Closet   Tuesday, October 31, 2017 10:26 AM There is no file server or websense gateway in Cleveland. They connect to the Berkadia network via  a Fortigate VPN appliance that establishes a point to point VPN.         ","network closet network closet network closet network closet network closet network closet network closet network closet network closet network closet tuesday, october 31, 2017 10:26 file server websense gateway cleveland. connect berkadia network via fortigate vpn appliance establish point point vpn.","Network Closet Network Closet   Tuesday, October 31, 2017 10:26 AM There is no file server or websense gateway in Cleveland. They connect to the Berkadia network via  a Fortigate VPN appliance that establishes a point to point VPN.         ","network closet network closet tuesday, october 31, 2017 10:26 file server websense gateway cleveland. connect berkadia network via fortigate vpn appliance establish point point vpn."
244,New York Office Info," Monday, July 23, 2018 9:12 AM    ","[72, 0, 162, 775]",[847],"New York Office Info New York Office Info New York Office Info New York Office Info New York Office Info New York Office Info New York Office Info New York Office Info New York Office Info New York Office Info   Monday, July 23, 2018 9:12 AM    ","new york office info new york office info new york office info new york office info new york office info new york office info new york office info new york office info new york office info new york office info monday, july 23, 2018 9:12","New York Office Info New York Office Info   Monday, July 23, 2018 9:12 AM    ","new york office info new york office info monday, july 23, 2018 9:12"
245,New user Account creation India & US Template Checklist," Wednesday, July 26, 2017 2:20 AM New User Account Creation India We will receive a mail from HR India Team to Security mailbox to create new user account with  Network security access form Check if the new user name already exist in the PeopleSoft list to overcome from duplicate  account creation, below is the path. T:\Account Management\New Users\User Ids In PS Finance as of 05-05-17.xlsx Create Login Account to new user (based on FTE or contractor) Assign Login script based on the process Create Email ID Enabling skype access to the user. Default groups will be provided by the HR team in the network security access form and those  groups are added to the users member of without any approvals After creation of network account we will update the information to the HR team. Close the tickets Based on the process requirement Team leaders/ managers will sent mails security mailbox for  access (like folders, shared mailboxes etc.…) New User Account Creation US Online network security access form will be submitted by the requestor (supervisors  /managers/VP’s etc...) Check if the new user name already exist in the PeopleSoft list to overcome from duplicate  account creation, below is the path. T:\Account Management\New Users\User Ids In PS Finance as of 05-05-17.xlsx Create Login Account to new user (based on FTE or contractor) Assign Login script based on the process Create Email ID Enabling skype access to the user. After creation of network account we will update the information to the requestor. In the network security access form requestor will be providing the Mirror profile for Security  group’s access. We will pull all the security group information and send mails to the security group owners for  approval. Once the approval is received ,we will add the users to the respective security groups If we do not receive Approvals from the owners of the security groups, we will follow up with  owners for three times. If we do not receive any approvals from owners, we will not add the user to the respective  security groups. Finally we will send  mail to requestor about the security group information  Close the ticket. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14.    ","[71, 0, 243, 776]",[713],"New user Account creation India & US Template Checklist New user Account creation India & US Template Checklist New user Account creation India & US Template Checklist New user Account creation India & US Template Checklist New user Account creation India & US Template Checklist New user Account creation India & US Template Checklist New user Account creation India & US Template Checklist New user Account creation India & US Template Checklist New user Account creation India & US Template Checklist New user Account creation India & US Template Checklist   Wednesday, July 26, 2017 2:20 AM New User Account Creation India We will receive a mail from HR India Team to Security mailbox to create new user account with  Network security access form Check if the new user name already exist in the PeopleSoft list to overcome from duplicate  account creation, below is the path. T:\Account Management\New Users\User Ids In PS Finance as of 05-05-17.xlsx Create Login Account to new user (based on FTE or contractor) Assign Login script based on the process Create Email ID Enabling skype access to the user. Default groups will be provided by the HR team in the network security access form and those  groups are added to the users member of without any approvals After creation of network account we will update the information to the HR team. Close the tickets Based on the process requirement Team leaders/ managers will sent mails security mailbox for  access (like folders, shared mailboxes etc.…) New User Account Creation US Online network security access form will be submitted by the requestor (supervisors  /managers/VP’s etc...) Check if the new user name already exist in the PeopleSoft list to overcome from duplicate  account creation, below is the path. T:\Account Management\New Users\User Ids In PS Finance as of 05-05-17.xlsx Create Login Account to new user (based on FTE or contractor) Assign Login script based on the process Create Email ID Enabling skype access to the user. After creation of network account we will update the information to the requestor. In the network security access form requestor will be providing the Mirror profile for Security  group’s access. We will pull all the security group information and send mails to the security group owners for  approval. Once the approval is received ,we will add the users to the respective security groups If we do not receive Approvals from the owners of the security groups, we will follow up with  owners for three times. If we do not receive any approvals from owners, we will not add the user to the respective  security groups. Finally we will send  mail to requestor about the security group information  Close the ticket. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14.    ","new user account creation india & us template checklist new user account creation india & us template checklist new user account creation india & us template checklist new user account creation india & us template checklist new user account creation india & us template checklist new user account creation india & us template checklist new user account creation india & us template checklist new user account creation india & us template checklist new user account creation india & us template checklist new user account creation india & us template checklist wednesday, july 26, 2017 2:20 new user account creation india receive mail hr india team security mailbox create new user account network security access form check new user name already exist peoplesoft list overcome duplicate account creation, path. t:\account management\new users\user ids ps finance 05-05-17.xlsx create login account new user (based fte contractor) assign login script base process create email id enable skype access user. default group provide hr team network security access form group add users member without approvals creation network account update information hr team. close ticket base process requirement team leaders/ managers send mail security mailbox access (like folders, share mailboxes etc.…) new user account creation us online network security access form submit requestor (supervisors /managers/vp’s etc...) check new user name already exist peoplesoft list overcome duplicate account creation, path. t:\account management\new users\user ids ps finance 05-05-17.xlsx create login account new user (based fte contractor) assign login script base process create email id enable skype access user. creation network account update information requestor. network security access form requestor provide mirror profile security group’s access. pull security group information send mail security group owners approval. approval receive ,we add users respective security group receive approvals owners security groups, follow owners three times. receive approvals owners, add user respective security groups. finally send mail requestor security group information close ticket. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14.","New user Account creation India & US Template Checklist New user Account creation India & US Template Checklist   Wednesday, July 26, 2017 2:20 AM New User Account Creation India We will receive a mail from HR India Team to Security mailbox to create new user account with  Network security access form Check if the new user name already exist in the PeopleSoft list to overcome from duplicate  account creation, below is the path. T:\Account Management\New Users\User Ids In PS Finance as of 05-05-17.xlsx Create Login Account to new user (based on FTE or contractor) Assign Login script based on the process Create Email ID Enabling skype access to the user. Default groups will be provided by the HR team in the network security access form and those  groups are added to the users member of without any approvals After creation of network account we will update the information to the HR team. Close the tickets Based on the process requirement Team leaders/ managers will sent mails security mailbox for  access (like folders, shared mailboxes etc.…) New User Account Creation US Online network security access form will be submitted by the requestor (supervisors  /managers/VP’s etc...) Check if the new user name already exist in the PeopleSoft list to overcome from duplicate  account creation, below is the path. T:\Account Management\New Users\User Ids In PS Finance as of 05-05-17.xlsx Create Login Account to new user (based on FTE or contractor) Assign Login script based on the process Create Email ID Enabling skype access to the user. After creation of network account we will update the information to the requestor. In the network security access form requestor will be providing the Mirror profile for Security  group’s access. We will pull all the security group information and send mails to the security group owners for  approval. Once the approval is received ,we will add the users to the respective security groups If we do not receive Approvals from the owners of the security groups, we will follow up with  owners for three times. If we do not receive any approvals from owners, we will not add the user to the respective  security groups. Finally we will send  mail to requestor about the security group information  Close the ticket. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14.    ","new user account creation india & us template checklist new user account creation india & us template checklist wednesday, july 26, 2017 2:20 new user account creation india receive mail hr india team security mailbox create new user account network security access form check new user name already exist peoplesoft list overcome duplicate account creation, path. t:\account management\new users\user ids ps finance 05-05-17.xlsx create login account new user (based fte contractor) assign login script base process create email id enable skype access user. default group provide hr team network security access form group add users member without approvals creation network account update information hr team. close ticket base process requirement team leaders/ managers send mail security mailbox access (like folders, share mailboxes etc.…) new user account creation us online network security access form submit requestor (supervisors /managers/vp’s etc...) check new user name already exist peoplesoft list overcome duplicate account creation, path. t:\account management\new users\user ids ps finance 05-05-17.xlsx create login account new user (based fte contractor) assign login script base process create email id enable skype access user. creation network account update information requestor. network security access form requestor provide mirror profile security group’s access. pull security group information send mail security group owners approval. approval receive ,we add users respective security group receive approvals owners security groups, follow owners three times. receive approvals owners, add user respective security groups. finally send mail requestor security group information close ticket. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14."
246,O365 Licensing," Tuesday, May 29, 2018 4:25 PM RE  Office 365 Licen...","[72, 687, 165, 775]",[249],"O365 Licensing O365 Licensing O365 Licensing O365 Licensing O365 Licensing O365 Licensing O365 Licensing O365 Licensing O365 Licensing O365 Licensing   Tuesday, May 29, 2018 4:25 PM RE  Office 365 Licen...","o365 license o365 license o365 license o365 license o365 license o365 license o365 license o365 license o365 license o365 license tuesday, may 29, 2018 4:25 pm office 365 licen...","O365 Licensing O365 Licensing   Tuesday, May 29, 2018 4:25 PM RE  Office 365 Licen...","o365 license o365 license tuesday, may 29, 2018 4:25 pm office 365 licen..."
247,OLD - Getting rid of auto-mapped mailboxes," Wednesday, February 21, 2018 9:06 AM http://www.dummies.com/programming/networking/getting-rid-of-auto-mapped-mailboxes/ When users no longer wish to have access to a shared mailbox or folder: Add-MailboxPermission –Identity shared-mailbox –User    your-mailbox –AccessRights FullAccess –InheritanceType    All –Automapping $false    ","[72, 0, 198, 775]",[266],"OLD - Getting rid of auto-mapped mailboxes OLD - Getting rid of auto-mapped mailboxes OLD - Getting rid of auto-mapped mailboxes OLD - Getting rid of auto-mapped mailboxes OLD - Getting rid of auto-mapped mailboxes OLD - Getting rid of auto-mapped mailboxes OLD - Getting rid of auto-mapped mailboxes OLD - Getting rid of auto-mapped mailboxes OLD - Getting rid of auto-mapped mailboxes OLD - Getting rid of auto-mapped mailboxes   Wednesday, February 21, 2018 9:06 AM http://www.dummies.com/programming/networking/getting-rid-of-auto-mapped-mailboxes/ When users no longer wish to have access to a shared mailbox or folder: Add-MailboxPermission –Identity shared-mailbox –User    your-mailbox –AccessRights FullAccess –InheritanceType    All –Automapping $false    ","old - get rid auto-mapped mailboxes old - get rid auto-mapped mailboxes old - get rid auto-mapped mailboxes old - get rid auto-mapped mailboxes old - get rid auto-mapped mailboxes old - get rid auto-mapped mailboxes old - get rid auto-mapped mailboxes old - get rid auto-mapped mailboxes old - get rid auto-mapped mailboxes old - get rid auto-mapped mailboxes wednesday, february 21, 2018 9:06 http://www.dummies.com/programming/networking/getting-rid-of-auto-mapped-mailboxes/ users longer wish access share mailbox folder: add-mailboxpermission –identity shared-mailbox –user your-mailbox –accessrights fullaccess –inheritancetype –automapping $false","OLD - Getting rid of auto-mapped mailboxes OLD - Getting rid of auto-mapped mailboxes   Wednesday, February 21, 2018 9:06 AM http://www.dummies.com/programming/networking/getting-rid-of-auto-mapped-mailboxes/ When users no longer wish to have access to a shared mailbox or folder: Add-MailboxPermission –Identity shared-mailbox –User    your-mailbox –AccessRights FullAccess –InheritanceType    All –Automapping $false    ","old - get rid auto-mapped mailboxes old - get rid auto-mapped mailboxes wednesday, february 21, 2018 9:06 http://www.dummies.com/programming/networking/getting-rid-of-auto-mapped-mailboxes/ users longer wish access share mailbox folder: add-mailboxpermission –identity shared-mailbox –user your-mailbox –accessrights fullaccess –inheritancetype –automapping $false"
248,OLD Web Client Tweaks," 2:18 PM Monday, December 23, 2013 Incident Monitor Web Preference Tweaks To add Team Requests to ‘My Incident Monitor’ List in Left Navigation Pane: Open up ‘My Preferences’: In the ‘My Incident Monitor Options’ section, highlight ‘Team Requests’ and click ‘Add’ and  Save: Additional Tweaks: By default, Page Refresh is off.  In My Preferences, Enable and Set refresh rate here and  Save:      In the Application Settings section, set the New Request Format to ‘Classic Format’ and  Save:      Verizon Security Incident Tickets Wednesday, April 29, 2015 10:48 AM If a Verizon Security ticket comes in to the help desk mailbox.  Example email below. The ticket should be escalated to the Tier 2 for security remediation. The tickets should not be going  to LAN and WAN as these requests don’t pertain to their groups. Please escalate to Tier 2 security  and then leave the request open until it completed.    ","[55, 4, 72, 779]","[17, 19]","OLD Web Client Tweaks OLD Web Client Tweaks OLD Web Client Tweaks OLD Web Client Tweaks OLD Web Client Tweaks OLD Web Client Tweaks OLD Web Client Tweaks OLD Web Client Tweaks OLD Web Client Tweaks OLD Web Client Tweaks   2:18 PM Monday, December 23, 2013 Incident Monitor Web Preference Tweaks To add Team Requests to ‘My Incident Monitor’ List in Left Navigation Pane: Open up ‘My Preferences’: In the ‘My Incident Monitor Options’ section, highlight ‘Team Requests’ and click ‘Add’ and  Save: Additional Tweaks: By default, Page Refresh is off.  In My Preferences, Enable and Set refresh rate here and  Save:      In the Application Settings section, set the New Request Format to ‘Classic Format’ and  Save:      Verizon Security Incident Tickets Wednesday, April 29, 2015 10:48 AM If a Verizon Security ticket comes in to the help desk mailbox.  Example email below. The ticket should be escalated to the Tier 2 for security remediation. The tickets should not be going  to LAN and WAN as these requests don’t pertain to their groups. Please escalate to Tier 2 security  and then leave the request open until it completed.    ","old web client tweak old web client tweak old web client tweak old web client tweak old web client tweak old web client tweak old web client tweak old web client tweak old web client tweak old web client tweak 2:18 pm monday, december 23, 2013 incident monitor web preference tweak add team request ‘my incident monitor’ list leave navigation pane: open ‘my preferences’: ‘my incident monitor options’ section, highlight ‘team requests’ click ‘add’ save: additional tweaks: default, page refresh off. preferences, enable set refresh rate save: application settings section, set new request format ‘classic format’ save: verizon security incident ticket wednesday, april 29, 2015 10:48 verizon security ticket come help desk mailbox. example email below. ticket escalate tier 2 security remediation. ticket go lan wan request don’t pertain groups. please escalate tier 2 security leave request open completed.","OLD Web Client Tweaks OLD Web Client Tweaks   2:18 PM Monday, December 23, 2013 Incident Monitor Web Preference Tweaks To add Team Requests to ‘My Incident Monitor’ List in Left Navigation Pane: Open up ‘My Preferences’: In the ‘My Incident Monitor Options’ section, highlight ‘Team Requests’ and click ‘Add’ and  Save: Additional Tweaks: By default, Page Refresh is off.  In My Preferences, Enable and Set refresh rate here and  Save:      In the Application Settings section, set the New Request Format to ‘Classic Format’ and  Save:      Verizon Security Incident Tickets Wednesday, April 29, 2015 10:48 AM If a Verizon Security ticket comes in to the help desk mailbox.  Example email below. The ticket should be escalated to the Tier 2 for security remediation. The tickets should not be going  to LAN and WAN as these requests don’t pertain to their groups. Please escalate to Tier 2 security  and then leave the request open until it completed.    ","old web client tweak old web client tweak 2:18 pm monday, december 23, 2013 incident monitor web preference tweak add team request ‘my incident monitor’ list leave navigation pane: open ‘my preferences’: ‘my incident monitor options’ section, highlight ‘team requests’ click ‘add’ save: additional tweaks: default, page refresh off. preferences, enable set refresh rate save: application settings section, set new request format ‘classic format’ save: verizon security incident ticket wednesday, april 29, 2015 10:48 verizon security ticket come help desk mailbox. example email below. ticket escalate tier 2 security remediation. ticket go lan wan request don’t pertain groups. please escalate tier 2 security leave request open completed."
249,OLK FILE LOCATION," Monday, December 10, 2012 2:13 PM This file’s location is never the same on any one machine – you’ll need to have the  registry locate it for you (as it is hidden)   Run> regedit Locate the Outlook Temporary Items folder by opening the Registry and locating  HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Microsoft\Office\11.0\Outlook\Security \OutlookSecureTempFolder Navigate to the value of this Key. It should be something like: %USERPROFILE%\Local  Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK3D\ where OLK3D is some randomly generated  string that always starts with OLK Quit Outlook Delete the contents of the folder Launch Outlook 1. 2. 3. 4. 5.    ","[55, 0, 491, 729]",[318],"OLK FILE LOCATION OLK FILE LOCATION OLK FILE LOCATION OLK FILE LOCATION OLK FILE LOCATION OLK FILE LOCATION OLK FILE LOCATION OLK FILE LOCATION OLK FILE LOCATION OLK FILE LOCATION   Monday, December 10, 2012 2:13 PM This file’s location is never the same on any one machine – you’ll need to have the  registry locate it for you (as it is hidden)   Run> regedit Locate the Outlook Temporary Items folder by opening the Registry and locating  HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Microsoft\Office\11.0\Outlook\Security \OutlookSecureTempFolder Navigate to the value of this Key. It should be something like: %USERPROFILE%\Local  Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK3D\ where OLK3D is some randomly generated  string that always starts with OLK Quit Outlook Delete the contents of the folder Launch Outlook 1. 2. 3. 4. 5.    ","olk file location olk file location olk file location olk file location olk file location olk file location olk file location olk file location olk file location olk file location monday, december 10, 2012 2:13 pm file’s location never one machine – you’ll need registry locate (as hidden) run> regedit locate outlook temporary items folder open registry locate hkey_current_user\software\microsoft\office\11.0\outlook\security \outlooksecuretempfolder navigate value key. something like: %userprofile%\local settings\temporary internet files\olk3d\ olk3d randomly generate string always start olk quit outlook delete content folder launch outlook 1. 2. 3. 4. 5.","OLK FILE LOCATION OLK FILE LOCATION   Monday, December 10, 2012 2:13 PM This file’s location is never the same on any one machine – you’ll need to have the  registry locate it for you (as it is hidden)   Run> regedit Locate the Outlook Temporary Items folder by opening the Registry and locating  HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Microsoft\Office\11.0\Outlook\Security \OutlookSecureTempFolder Navigate to the value of this Key. It should be something like: %USERPROFILE%\Local  Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK3D\ where OLK3D is some randomly generated  string that always starts with OLK Quit Outlook Delete the contents of the folder Launch Outlook 1. 2. 3. 4. 5.    ","olk file location olk file location monday, december 10, 2012 2:13 pm file’s location never one machine – you’ll need registry locate (as hidden) run> regedit locate outlook temporary items folder open registry locate hkey_current_user\software\microsoft\office\11.0\outlook\security \outlooksecuretempfolder navigate value key. something like: %userprofile%\local settings\temporary internet files\olk3d\ olk3d randomly generate string always start olk quit outlook delete content folder launch outlook 1. 2. 3. 4. 5."
250,OLK File Locations," Monday, December 10, 2012 2:13 PM","[72, 769, 243, 779]",[318],"OLK File Locations OLK File Locations OLK File Locations OLK File Locations OLK File Locations OLK File Locations OLK File Locations OLK File Locations OLK File Locations OLK File Locations   Monday, December 10, 2012 2:13 PM","olk file locations olk file locations olk file locations olk file locations olk file locations olk file locations olk file locations olk file locations olk file locations olk file locations monday, december 10, 2012 2:13 pm","OLK File Locations OLK File Locations   Monday, December 10, 2012 2:13 PM","olk file locations olk file locations monday, december 10, 2012 2:13 pm"
251,Office 2016/365 for Mac Removal," Applies To: Excel 2016 for Mac Outlook 2016 for Mac PowerPoint 2016 for Mac More... To uninstall Office 2016 for Mac, move the applications and user preference files to the Trash. Once you've removed everything,  empty the Trash and restart your Mac to complete the process. You can also perform a complete uninstall for Office 2016 for  Mac if you are troubleshooting an issue. You must be signed in as an administrator on the mac or provide an administrator name and password to complete these steps. 1. Remove Office 2016 for Mac applications 1. 2. Open Finder > Applications. Command +click to select all of the Office 2016 for Mac applications. Ctrl+click an application you selected and click Move to Trash. 3. 2. Remove files from your user Library folder To remove files from your user Library folder, you'll need to first set the Finder View options. In Finder, press +Shift+h. On the Finder menu at the top, click View > as List, and then click View > Show View Options. In the View Options dialog box, select Show Library Folder and save. Back in Finder, open Library > Containers and ctrl+click each of these folders and Move to Trash. Not all of these folders may be  present. com.microsoft.errorreporting com.microsoft.Excel com.microsoft.netlib.shipassertprocess com.microsoft.Office365ServiceV2 com.microsoft.Outlook com.microsoft.Powerpoint com.microsoft.RMS-XPCService com.microsoft.Word com.microsoft.onenote.mac Warning: Outlook data will be removed when you move the three folders listed in this step to Trash. You should back up  these folders before you delete them. Click the back arrow to go back to the Library folder and open Group Containers. Ctrl+click each of these folders if present,  and Move to Trash. Office for Mac Page 296     1. 2. 3. 4.  and Move to Trash. UBF8T346G9.ms UBF8T346G9.Office UBF8T346G9.OfficeOsfWebHost 3. Remove from dock and restart 1. If you put any of the Office applications in your dock, go to each one and ctrl + click > Options > Remove from Dock. 2. Restart your Mac to complete the uninstall. From <https://support.office.com/en-us/article/uninstall-office-2016-for-mac-eefa1199-5b58-43af-8a3d-b73dc1a8cae3>     ","[63, 2, 66, 725]","[295, 296]","Office 2016/365 for Mac Removal Office 2016/365 for Mac Removal Office 2016/365 for Mac Removal Office 2016/365 for Mac Removal Office 2016/365 for Mac Removal Office 2016/365 for Mac Removal Office 2016/365 for Mac Removal Office 2016/365 for Mac Removal Office 2016/365 for Mac Removal Office 2016/365 for Mac Removal   Applies To: Excel 2016 for Mac Outlook 2016 for Mac PowerPoint 2016 for Mac More... To uninstall Office 2016 for Mac, move the applications and user preference files to the Trash. Once you've removed everything,  empty the Trash and restart your Mac to complete the process. You can also perform a complete uninstall for Office 2016 for  Mac if you are troubleshooting an issue. You must be signed in as an administrator on the mac or provide an administrator name and password to complete these steps. 1. Remove Office 2016 for Mac applications 1. 2. Open Finder > Applications. Command +click to select all of the Office 2016 for Mac applications. Ctrl+click an application you selected and click Move to Trash. 3. 2. Remove files from your user Library folder To remove files from your user Library folder, you'll need to first set the Finder View options. In Finder, press +Shift+h. On the Finder menu at the top, click View > as List, and then click View > Show View Options. In the View Options dialog box, select Show Library Folder and save. Back in Finder, open Library > Containers and ctrl+click each of these folders and Move to Trash. Not all of these folders may be  present. com.microsoft.errorreporting com.microsoft.Excel com.microsoft.netlib.shipassertprocess com.microsoft.Office365ServiceV2 com.microsoft.Outlook com.microsoft.Powerpoint com.microsoft.RMS-XPCService com.microsoft.Word com.microsoft.onenote.mac Warning: Outlook data will be removed when you move the three folders listed in this step to Trash. You should back up  these folders before you delete them. Click the back arrow to go back to the Library folder and open Group Containers. Ctrl+click each of these folders if present,  and Move to Trash. Office for Mac Page 296     1. 2. 3. 4.  and Move to Trash. UBF8T346G9.ms UBF8T346G9.Office UBF8T346G9.OfficeOsfWebHost 3. Remove from dock and restart 1. If you put any of the Office applications in your dock, go to each one and ctrl + click > Options > Remove from Dock. 2. Restart your Mac to complete the uninstall. From <https://support.office.com/en-us/article/uninstall-office-2016-for-mac-eefa1199-5b58-43af-8a3d-b73dc1a8cae3>     ","office 2016/365 mac removal office 2016/365 mac removal office 2016/365 mac removal office 2016/365 mac removal office 2016/365 mac removal office 2016/365 mac removal office 2016/365 mac removal office 2016/365 mac removal office 2016/365 mac removal office 2016/365 mac removal apply to: excel 2016 mac outlook 2016 mac powerpoint 2016 mac more... uninstall office 2016 mac, move applications user preference file trash. remove everything, empty trash restart mac complete process. also perform complete uninstall office 2016 mac troubleshoot issue. must sign administrator mac provide administrator name password complete steps. 1. remove office 2016 mac applications 1. 2. open finder > applications. command +click select office 2016 mac applications. ctrl+click application select click move trash. 3. 2. remove file user library folder remove file user library folder, need first set finder view options. finder, press +shift+h. finder menu top, click view > list, click view > show view options. view options dialog box, select show library folder save. back finder, open library > containers ctrl+click folders move trash. folders may present. com.microsoft.errorreporting com.microsoft.excel com.microsoft.netlib.shipassertprocess com.microsoft.office365servicev2 com.microsoft.outlook com.microsoft.powerpoint com.microsoft.rms-xpcservice com.microsoft.word com.microsoft.onenote.mac warning: outlook data remove move three folders list step trash. back folders delete them. click back arrow go back library folder open group containers. ctrl+click folders present, move trash. office mac page 296 1. 2. 3. 4. move trash. ubf8t346g9.ms ubf8t346g9.office ubf8t346g9.officeosfwebhost 3. remove dock restart 1. put office applications dock, go one ctrl + click > options > remove dock. 2. restart mac complete uninstall. <https://support.office.com/en-us/article/uninstall-office-2016-for-mac-eefa1199-5b58-43af-8a3d-b73dc1a8cae3>","Office 2016/365 for Mac Removal Office 2016/365 for Mac Removal   Applies To: Excel 2016 for Mac Outlook 2016 for Mac PowerPoint 2016 for Mac More... To uninstall Office 2016 for Mac, move the applications and user preference files to the Trash. Once you've removed everything,  empty the Trash and restart your Mac to complete the process. You can also perform a complete uninstall for Office 2016 for  Mac if you are troubleshooting an issue. You must be signed in as an administrator on the mac or provide an administrator name and password to complete these steps. 1. Remove Office 2016 for Mac applications 1. 2. Open Finder > Applications. Command +click to select all of the Office 2016 for Mac applications. Ctrl+click an application you selected and click Move to Trash. 3. 2. Remove files from your user Library folder To remove files from your user Library folder, you'll need to first set the Finder View options. In Finder, press +Shift+h. On the Finder menu at the top, click View > as List, and then click View > Show View Options. In the View Options dialog box, select Show Library Folder and save. Back in Finder, open Library > Containers and ctrl+click each of these folders and Move to Trash. Not all of these folders may be  present. com.microsoft.errorreporting com.microsoft.Excel com.microsoft.netlib.shipassertprocess com.microsoft.Office365ServiceV2 com.microsoft.Outlook com.microsoft.Powerpoint com.microsoft.RMS-XPCService com.microsoft.Word com.microsoft.onenote.mac Warning: Outlook data will be removed when you move the three folders listed in this step to Trash. You should back up  these folders before you delete them. Click the back arrow to go back to the Library folder and open Group Containers. Ctrl+click each of these folders if present,  and Move to Trash. Office for Mac Page 296     1. 2. 3. 4.  and Move to Trash. UBF8T346G9.ms UBF8T346G9.Office UBF8T346G9.OfficeOsfWebHost 3. Remove from dock and restart 1. If you put any of the Office applications in your dock, go to each one and ctrl + click > Options > Remove from Dock. 2. Restart your Mac to complete the uninstall. From <https://support.office.com/en-us/article/uninstall-office-2016-for-mac-eefa1199-5b58-43af-8a3d-b73dc1a8cae3>     ","office 2016/365 mac removal office 2016/365 mac removal apply to: excel 2016 mac outlook 2016 mac powerpoint 2016 mac more... uninstall office 2016 mac, move applications user preference file trash. remove everything, empty trash restart mac complete process. also perform complete uninstall office 2016 mac troubleshoot issue. must sign administrator mac provide administrator name password complete steps. 1. remove office 2016 mac applications 1. 2. open finder > applications. command +click select office 2016 mac applications. ctrl+click application select click move trash. 3. 2. remove file user library folder remove file user library folder, need first set finder view options. finder, press +shift+h. finder menu top, click view > list, click view > show view options. view options dialog box, select show library folder save. back finder, open library > containers ctrl+click folders move trash. folders may present. com.microsoft.errorreporting com.microsoft.excel com.microsoft.netlib.shipassertprocess com.microsoft.office365servicev2 com.microsoft.outlook com.microsoft.powerpoint com.microsoft.rms-xpcservice com.microsoft.word com.microsoft.onenote.mac warning: outlook data remove move three folders list step trash. back folders delete them. click back arrow go back library folder open group containers. ctrl+click folders present, move trash. office mac page 296 1. 2. 3. 4. move trash. ubf8t346g9.ms ubf8t346g9.office ubf8t346g9.officeosfwebhost 3. remove dock restart 1. put office applications dock, go one ctrl + click > options > remove dock. 2. restart mac complete uninstall. <https://support.office.com/en-us/article/uninstall-office-2016-for-mac-eefa1199-5b58-43af-8a3d-b73dc1a8cae3>"
252,Office 365 Software failed to install," Tuesday, February 20, 2018 8:13 AM Office 365 missing – If the computer was powered off before the installation deadline, the user could be waiting for  nearly an hour for the software to automatically install fully. Ensure that the computer has been added to the Office software deployment by opening  SCCM, Browse to targeted deployments->Office 365 Deployment, check if the computer has  been added to the appropriate collection.  If this does not work you can browse to C:\windows\ccmcache and locate recent folder with  the following contents: Launch a command prompt using the local admin credentials (.\administrator), browse to the  appropriate ccmcache subfolder within the command prompt window. Launch the  O365Upgrade batch file from the command prompt window.      Wednesday, March 28, 2018 8:01 AM https://sp13.berkadia.com/it/cs/hd/Shared%20Documents/Forms/AllItems.aspx    ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[247, 248]","Office 365 Software failed to install Office 365 Software failed to install Office 365 Software failed to install Office 365 Software failed to install Office 365 Software failed to install Office 365 Software failed to install Office 365 Software failed to install Office 365 Software failed to install Office 365 Software failed to install Office 365 Software failed to install   Tuesday, February 20, 2018 8:13 AM Office 365 missing – If the computer was powered off before the installation deadline, the user could be waiting for  nearly an hour for the software to automatically install fully. Ensure that the computer has been added to the Office software deployment by opening  SCCM, Browse to targeted deployments->Office 365 Deployment, check if the computer has  been added to the appropriate collection.  If this does not work you can browse to C:\windows\ccmcache and locate recent folder with  the following contents: Launch a command prompt using the local admin credentials (.\administrator), browse to the  appropriate ccmcache subfolder within the command prompt window. Launch the  O365Upgrade batch file from the command prompt window.      Wednesday, March 28, 2018 8:01 AM https://sp13.berkadia.com/it/cs/hd/Shared%20Documents/Forms/AllItems.aspx    ","office 365 software fail install office 365 software fail install office 365 software fail install office 365 software fail install office 365 software fail install office 365 software fail install office 365 software fail install office 365 software fail install office 365 software fail install office 365 software fail install tuesday, february 20, 2018 8:13 office 365 miss – computer power installation deadline, user could wait nearly hour software automatically install fully. ensure computer add office software deployment open sccm, browse target deployments->office 365 deployment, check computer add appropriate collection. work browse c:\windows\ccmcache locate recent folder follow contents: launch command prompt use local admin credentials (.\administrator), browse appropriate ccmcache subfolder within command prompt window. launch o365upgrade batch file command prompt window. wednesday, march 28, 2018 8:01 https://sp13.berkadia.com/it/cs/hd/shared%20documents/forms/allitems.aspx","Office 365 Software failed to install Office 365 Software failed to install   Tuesday, February 20, 2018 8:13 AM Office 365 missing – If the computer was powered off before the installation deadline, the user could be waiting for  nearly an hour for the software to automatically install fully. Ensure that the computer has been added to the Office software deployment by opening  SCCM, Browse to targeted deployments->Office 365 Deployment, check if the computer has  been added to the appropriate collection.  If this does not work you can browse to C:\windows\ccmcache and locate recent folder with  the following contents: Launch a command prompt using the local admin credentials (.\administrator), browse to the  appropriate ccmcache subfolder within the command prompt window. Launch the  O365Upgrade batch file from the command prompt window.      Wednesday, March 28, 2018 8:01 AM https://sp13.berkadia.com/it/cs/hd/Shared%20Documents/Forms/AllItems.aspx    ","office 365 software fail install office 365 software fail install tuesday, february 20, 2018 8:13 office 365 miss – computer power installation deadline, user could wait nearly hour software automatically install fully. ensure computer add office software deployment open sccm, browse target deployments->office 365 deployment, check computer add appropriate collection. work browse c:\windows\ccmcache locate recent folder follow contents: launch command prompt use local admin credentials (.\administrator), browse appropriate ccmcache subfolder within command prompt window. launch o365upgrade batch file command prompt window. wednesday, march 28, 2018 8:01 https://sp13.berkadia.com/it/cs/hd/shared%20documents/forms/allitems.aspx"
253,Office Info," Tuesday, February 28, 2017 9:33 AM The Chevy Chase office is located at 4445 Willard Avenue Suite 1200 Chevy Chase, MD 20815 Your GPS may identify the building as Ritz RC Office. The parking garage is under the building and the entrance is off of The Hills Plaza. Berkadia has the  entire 12th floor, and the ""office elevator"" in the parking garage will take you to the 12th floor.  Badge access is required before 8:30 am and after hours. There is a restaurant on the ground floor of  the building called Lia's that is recommended by the staff, and there is a Whole Foods and a PF  Changs right across the street. Lots of places to eat are in walking distance. If you are staying  overnight, the Embassy Suites is two blocks away, you can see the building from the office.                Seating chart at time of move ( a bunch of them want to move their desks and probably will once we  leave) Chevy-Seat- PLAN      Monday, July 02, 2018 7:21 AM Address:  101 S. Hanley Road Suite 550, St. Louis, MO 63105 Berkadia staff occupies a portion of the 5th floor.  There is onsite garage parking, the garage elevator will take you to the lobby, from there you  can board a separate elevator. Outside of normal business hours (night/weekend), you'll need  a key card to access the elevator to reach the 5th floor. Front Entrance  - Secured by Card Access System (http://192.168.103.20) Device made by  TruPortal device in Server Room; built-in battery back-up. Standing desks Workstation/Pod example      Office example Kitchenette:           Thursday, June 30, 2016 12:18 PM To be updated Parking garage is behind building, and serves the Hilton hotel that is next door as well. If you are  visiting stay at the Hilton, you can walk half a block to the office. Security guard is in lobby, do not have to sign in. Take elevator to 15th floor. Kathleen Bastin is Office Manager and sits at desk in the front of the office.      Monday, December 12, 2016 1:00 PM 1331 17th Street  Suite 550 Denver, CO 80202 Office is located in the Guaranty Bank building at the corner of 17th and Market Streets. The parking  garage is called the Guaranty Bank Garage and the entrance is on Market St. There is a ramp on the  3rd floor of the parking garage that will take you to the Mezzanine level of the building, then you  just take the elevators to the fifth floor. The doors are open until 6pm, after that you will need a  badge to get in or to go through the lobby where the Security Guard is. Elevators do not require a badge to use. The Guaranty Bank is on the street level of the building and they are supposed to be building a  restaurant across from the bank very soon, but for now there is no food in the building.                          Monday, October 30, 2017 4:55 PM 127 Public Square Suite 1440 Cleveland, OH 44114 The new office is located in the Key Tower building. There is a Marriott connected to the Key Tower.  You can stay there if it is cheap (and Concur allows it), otherwise there are quite a few hotels very  close like the Hilton, The Westin, Hampton Inn, Drury Suites, Doubletree, etc. There is a parking garage for the Marriott and the Key Tower, located under the park that is across  the street. Access is from St Claire and the signs say Public Parking. In the garage there are elevators  that will take you up to the Marriott and you can just walk in to the Key Tower from there. The Key Center has more security than most of our offices. For you to go up to the suite you must  either be a registered guest and check-in at the guard desk or accompanied by someone from the  office. A badge is required to get to the elevators, and on nights & weekends a badge is required to  operate the elevator. *NOTE* During normal business hours during the week you do not need a  badge to operate the elevator. If you know you are going to be visiting the office have Ethan  Harrison add you to the Visitors list, then you can register with security and they will print you a  temp badge so you can get to the elevators for the day.                        ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[867, 1018]","Office Info Office Info Office Info Office Info Office Info Office Info Office Info Office Info Office Info Office Info   Tuesday, February 28, 2017 9:33 AM The Chevy Chase office is located at 4445 Willard Avenue Suite 1200 Chevy Chase, MD 20815 Your GPS may identify the building as Ritz RC Office. The parking garage is under the building and the entrance is off of The Hills Plaza. Berkadia has the  entire 12th floor, and the ""office elevator"" in the parking garage will take you to the 12th floor.  Badge access is required before 8:30 am and after hours. There is a restaurant on the ground floor of  the building called Lia's that is recommended by the staff, and there is a Whole Foods and a PF  Changs right across the street. Lots of places to eat are in walking distance. If you are staying  overnight, the Embassy Suites is two blocks away, you can see the building from the office.                Seating chart at time of move ( a bunch of them want to move their desks and probably will once we  leave) Chevy-Seat- PLAN      Monday, July 02, 2018 7:21 AM Address:  101 S. Hanley Road Suite 550, St. Louis, MO 63105 Berkadia staff occupies a portion of the 5th floor.  There is onsite garage parking, the garage elevator will take you to the lobby, from there you  can board a separate elevator. Outside of normal business hours (night/weekend), you'll need  a key card to access the elevator to reach the 5th floor. Front Entrance  - Secured by Card Access System (http://192.168.103.20) Device made by  TruPortal device in Server Room; built-in battery back-up. Standing desks Workstation/Pod example      Office example Kitchenette:           Thursday, June 30, 2016 12:18 PM To be updated Parking garage is behind building, and serves the Hilton hotel that is next door as well. If you are  visiting stay at the Hilton, you can walk half a block to the office. Security guard is in lobby, do not have to sign in. Take elevator to 15th floor. Kathleen Bastin is Office Manager and sits at desk in the front of the office.      Monday, December 12, 2016 1:00 PM 1331 17th Street  Suite 550 Denver, CO 80202 Office is located in the Guaranty Bank building at the corner of 17th and Market Streets. The parking  garage is called the Guaranty Bank Garage and the entrance is on Market St. There is a ramp on the  3rd floor of the parking garage that will take you to the Mezzanine level of the building, then you  just take the elevators to the fifth floor. The doors are open until 6pm, after that you will need a  badge to get in or to go through the lobby where the Security Guard is. Elevators do not require a badge to use. The Guaranty Bank is on the street level of the building and they are supposed to be building a  restaurant across from the bank very soon, but for now there is no food in the building.                          Monday, October 30, 2017 4:55 PM 127 Public Square Suite 1440 Cleveland, OH 44114 The new office is located in the Key Tower building. There is a Marriott connected to the Key Tower.  You can stay there if it is cheap (and Concur allows it), otherwise there are quite a few hotels very  close like the Hilton, The Westin, Hampton Inn, Drury Suites, Doubletree, etc. There is a parking garage for the Marriott and the Key Tower, located under the park that is across  the street. Access is from St Claire and the signs say Public Parking. In the garage there are elevators  that will take you up to the Marriott and you can just walk in to the Key Tower from there. The Key Center has more security than most of our offices. For you to go up to the suite you must  either be a registered guest and check-in at the guard desk or accompanied by someone from the  office. A badge is required to get to the elevators, and on nights & weekends a badge is required to  operate the elevator. *NOTE* During normal business hours during the week you do not need a  badge to operate the elevator. If you know you are going to be visiting the office have Ethan  Harrison add you to the Visitors list, then you can register with security and they will print you a  temp badge so you can get to the elevators for the day.                        ","office info office info office info office info office info office info office info office info office info office info tuesday, february 28, 2017 9:33 chevy chase office locate 4445 willard avenue suite 1200 chevy chase, md 20815 gps may identify build ritz rc office. park garage build entrance hill plaza. berkadia entire 12th floor, ""office elevator"" park garage take 12th floor. badge access require 8:30 hours. restaurant grind floor build call lia's recommend staff, whole foods pf changs right across street. lot place eat walk distance. stay overnight, embassy suit two block away, see build office. seat chart time move ( bunch want move desks probably leave) chevy-seat- plan monday, july 02, 2018 7:21 address: 101 s. hanley road suite 550, st. louis, mo 63105 berkadia staff occupy portion 5th floor. onsite garage parking, garage elevator take lobby, board separate elevator. outside normal business hours (night/weekend), need key card access elevator reach 5th floor. front entrance - secure card access system (http://192.168.103.20) device make truportal device server room; built-in battery back-up. stand desks workstation/pod example office example kitchenette: thursday, june 30, 2016 12:18 pm update park garage behind building, serve hilton hotel next door well. visit stay hilton, walk half block office. security guard lobby, sign in. take elevator 15th floor. kathleen bastin office manager sit desk front office. monday, december 12, 2016 1:00 pm 1331 17th street suite 550 denver, co 80202 office locate guaranty bank build corner 17th market streets. park garage call guaranty bank garage entrance market st. ramp 3rd floor park garage take mezzanine level building, take elevators fifth floor. doors open 6pm, need badge get go lobby security guard is. elevators require badge use. guaranty bank street level build suppose build restaurant across bank soon, food building. monday, october 30, 2017 4:55 pm 127 public square suite 1440 cleveland, oh 44114 new office locate key tower building. marriott connect key tower. stay cheap (and concur allow it), otherwise quite hotels close like hilton, westin, hampton inn, drury suites, doubletree, etc. park garage marriott key tower, locate park across street. access st claire sign say public parking. garage elevators take marriott walk key tower there. key center security offices. go suite must either register guest check-in guard desk accompany someone office. badge require get elevators, nights & weekend badge require operate elevator. *note* normal business hours week need badge operate elevator. know go visit office ethan harrison add visitors list, register security print temp badge get elevators day.","Office Info Office Info   Tuesday, February 28, 2017 9:33 AM The Chevy Chase office is located at 4445 Willard Avenue Suite 1200 Chevy Chase, MD 20815 Your GPS may identify the building as Ritz RC Office. The parking garage is under the building and the entrance is off of The Hills Plaza. Berkadia has the  entire 12th floor, and the ""office elevator"" in the parking garage will take you to the 12th floor.  Badge access is required before 8:30 am and after hours. There is a restaurant on the ground floor of  the building called Lia's that is recommended by the staff, and there is a Whole Foods and a PF  Changs right across the street. Lots of places to eat are in walking distance. If you are staying  overnight, the Embassy Suites is two blocks away, you can see the building from the office.                Seating chart at time of move ( a bunch of them want to move their desks and probably will once we  leave) Chevy-Seat- PLAN      Monday, July 02, 2018 7:21 AM Address:  101 S. Hanley Road Suite 550, St. Louis, MO 63105 Berkadia staff occupies a portion of the 5th floor.  There is onsite garage parking, the garage elevator will take you to the lobby, from there you  can board a separate elevator. Outside of normal business hours (night/weekend), you'll need  a key card to access the elevator to reach the 5th floor. Front Entrance  - Secured by Card Access System (http://192.168.103.20) Device made by  TruPortal device in Server Room; built-in battery back-up. Standing desks Workstation/Pod example      Office example Kitchenette:           Thursday, June 30, 2016 12:18 PM To be updated Parking garage is behind building, and serves the Hilton hotel that is next door as well. If you are  visiting stay at the Hilton, you can walk half a block to the office. Security guard is in lobby, do not have to sign in. Take elevator to 15th floor. Kathleen Bastin is Office Manager and sits at desk in the front of the office.      Monday, December 12, 2016 1:00 PM 1331 17th Street  Suite 550 Denver, CO 80202 Office is located in the Guaranty Bank building at the corner of 17th and Market Streets. The parking  garage is called the Guaranty Bank Garage and the entrance is on Market St. There is a ramp on the  3rd floor of the parking garage that will take you to the Mezzanine level of the building, then you  just take the elevators to the fifth floor. The doors are open until 6pm, after that you will need a  badge to get in or to go through the lobby where the Security Guard is. Elevators do not require a badge to use. The Guaranty Bank is on the street level of the building and they are supposed to be building a  restaurant across from the bank very soon, but for now there is no food in the building.                          Monday, October 30, 2017 4:55 PM 127 Public Square Suite 1440 Cleveland, OH 44114 The new office is located in the Key Tower building. There is a Marriott connected to the Key Tower.  You can stay there if it is cheap (and Concur allows it), otherwise there are quite a few hotels very  close like the Hilton, The Westin, Hampton Inn, Drury Suites, Doubletree, etc. There is a parking garage for the Marriott and the Key Tower, located under the park that is across  the street. Access is from St Claire and the signs say Public Parking. In the garage there are elevators  that will take you up to the Marriott and you can just walk in to the Key Tower from there. The Key Center has more security than most of our offices. For you to go up to the suite you must  either be a registered guest and check-in at the guard desk or accompanied by someone from the  office. A badge is required to get to the elevators, and on nights & weekends a badge is required to  operate the elevator. *NOTE* During normal business hours during the week you do not need a  badge to operate the elevator. If you know you are going to be visiting the office have Ethan  Harrison add you to the Visitors list, then you can register with security and they will print you a  temp badge so you can get to the elevators for the day.                        ","office info office info tuesday, february 28, 2017 9:33 chevy chase office locate 4445 willard avenue suite 1200 chevy chase, md 20815 gps may identify build ritz rc office. park garage build entrance hill plaza. berkadia entire 12th floor, ""office elevator"" park garage take 12th floor. badge access require 8:30 hours. restaurant grind floor build call lia's recommend staff, whole foods pf changs right across street. lot place eat walk distance. stay overnight, embassy suit two block away, see build office. seat chart time move ( bunch want move desks probably leave) chevy-seat- plan monday, july 02, 2018 7:21 address: 101 s. hanley road suite 550, st. louis, mo 63105 berkadia staff occupy portion 5th floor. onsite garage parking, garage elevator take lobby, board separate elevator. outside normal business hours (night/weekend), need key card access elevator reach 5th floor. front entrance - secure card access system (http://192.168.103.20) device make truportal device server room; built-in battery back-up. stand desks workstation/pod example office example kitchenette: thursday, june 30, 2016 12:18 pm update park garage behind building, serve hilton hotel next door well. visit stay hilton, walk half block office. security guard lobby, sign in. take elevator 15th floor. kathleen bastin office manager sit desk front office. monday, december 12, 2016 1:00 pm 1331 17th street suite 550 denver, co 80202 office locate guaranty bank build corner 17th market streets. park garage call guaranty bank garage entrance market st. ramp 3rd floor park garage take mezzanine level building, take elevators fifth floor. doors open 6pm, need badge get go lobby security guard is. elevators require badge use. guaranty bank street level build suppose build restaurant across bank soon, food building. monday, october 30, 2017 4:55 pm 127 public square suite 1440 cleveland, oh 44114 new office locate key tower building. marriott connect key tower. stay cheap (and concur allow it), otherwise quite hotels close like hilton, westin, hampton inn, drury suites, doubletree, etc. park garage marriott key tower, locate park across street. access st claire sign say public parking. garage elevators take marriott walk key tower there. key center security offices. go suite must either register guest check-in guard desk accompany someone office. badge require get elevators, nights & weekend badge require operate elevator. *note* normal business hours week need badge operate elevator. know go visit office ethan harrison add visitors list, register security print temp badge get elevators day."
254,Office Location Addresses," Wednesday, July 11, 2018 4:40 PM https://my.berkadia.com/BT/Pages/BranchOffices.aspx Additional Locations: La Jolla: 4275 Executive Square, Suite 900 La Jolla, California 92037    ","[72, 0, 177, 775]",[1302],"Office Location Addresses Office Location Addresses Office Location Addresses Office Location Addresses Office Location Addresses Office Location Addresses Office Location Addresses Office Location Addresses Office Location Addresses Office Location Addresses   Wednesday, July 11, 2018 4:40 PM https://my.berkadia.com/BT/Pages/BranchOffices.aspx Additional Locations: La Jolla: 4275 Executive Square, Suite 900 La Jolla, California 92037    ","office location address office location address office location address office location address office location address office location address office location address office location address office location address office location address wednesday, july 11, 2018 4:40 pm https://my.berkadia.com/bt/pages/branchoffices.aspx additional locations: la jolla: 4275 executive square, suite 900 la jolla, california 92037","Office Location Addresses Office Location Addresses   Wednesday, July 11, 2018 4:40 PM https://my.berkadia.com/BT/Pages/BranchOffices.aspx Additional Locations: La Jolla: 4275 Executive Square, Suite 900 La Jolla, California 92037    ","office location address office location address wednesday, july 11, 2018 4:40 pm https://my.berkadia.com/bt/pages/branchoffices.aspx additional locations: la jolla: 4275 executive square, suite 900 la jolla, california 92037"
255,Office Printers," Monday, July 02, 2018 10:11 AM Investment Sales Printer - Bizhub C458 IP: 192.168.103.23 Login: Admin/67176691      MOSTL01:    ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[914, 915]","Office Printers Office Printers Office Printers Office Printers Office Printers Office Printers Office Printers Office Printers Office Printers Office Printers   Monday, July 02, 2018 10:11 AM Investment Sales Printer - Bizhub C458 IP: 192.168.103.23 Login: Admin/67176691      MOSTL01:    ","office printers office printers office printers office printers office printers office printers office printers office printers office printers office printers monday, july 02, 2018 10:11 investment sales printer - bizhub c458 ip: 192.168.103.23 login: admin/67176691 mostl01:","Office Printers Office Printers   Monday, July 02, 2018 10:11 AM Investment Sales Printer - Bizhub C458 IP: 192.168.103.23 Login: Admin/67176691      MOSTL01:    ","office printers office printers monday, july 02, 2018 10:11 investment sales printer - bizhub c458 ip: 192.168.103.23 login: admin/67176691 mostl01:"
256,Office Shortcuts Missing," Tuesday, February 20, 2018 8:07 AM Office shortcuts missing after Office 365 software install – This is normal, assist the user with  recreating shortcuts as needed.    ","[72, 0, 183, 775]",[244],"Office Shortcuts Missing Office Shortcuts Missing Office Shortcuts Missing Office Shortcuts Missing Office Shortcuts Missing Office Shortcuts Missing Office Shortcuts Missing Office Shortcuts Missing Office Shortcuts Missing Office Shortcuts Missing   Tuesday, February 20, 2018 8:07 AM Office shortcuts missing after Office 365 software install – This is normal, assist the user with  recreating shortcuts as needed.    ","office shortcuts miss office shortcuts miss office shortcuts miss office shortcuts miss office shortcuts miss office shortcuts miss office shortcuts miss office shortcuts miss office shortcuts miss office shortcuts miss tuesday, february 20, 2018 8:07 office shortcuts miss office 365 software install – normal, assist user recreate shortcuts needed.","Office Shortcuts Missing Office Shortcuts Missing   Tuesday, February 20, 2018 8:07 AM Office shortcuts missing after Office 365 software install – This is normal, assist the user with  recreating shortcuts as needed.    ","office shortcuts miss office shortcuts miss tuesday, february 20, 2018 8:07 office shortcuts miss office 365 software install – normal, assist user recreate shortcuts needed."
257,Office info," Friday, June 23, 2017 4:11 PM 6955 S. Union Park Center  Suite 450  Midvale, UT 84047  801-233-2310 Office is part of a business park. You want to find building UP6, it does not say 6955 on the top of the  building. There is a 2 level parking garage you can park in and the steps lead to the main entrance of  6955. No charge for parking. Take elevator to the 4th floor. The area has a lot of new hotels and restaurants so you have plenty of options for food and places to  stay. The view is pretty good as well.           Sunday, June 26, 2016 4:01 PM 11111 Santa Monica Blvd Suite 400 Santa Monica, CA 90025 Parking garage is right next to building and garage entrance is off of Pontius Ave Security guard is in lobby, visitors must sign in, must have badge to access second set of elevators  that will take you to fourth floor, badge is swiped inside elevator Office is combined Mortgage Banking & Investment Sales as of 06/27/2016 Shaun Lee is Office Administrator Office diagram with phone setup info in the attachment below LA_Phone_ Allocation...                        ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[852, 930]","Office info Office info Office info Office info Office info Office info Office info Office info Office info Office info   Friday, June 23, 2017 4:11 PM 6955 S. Union Park Center  Suite 450  Midvale, UT 84047  801-233-2310 Office is part of a business park. You want to find building UP6, it does not say 6955 on the top of the  building. There is a 2 level parking garage you can park in and the steps lead to the main entrance of  6955. No charge for parking. Take elevator to the 4th floor. The area has a lot of new hotels and restaurants so you have plenty of options for food and places to  stay. The view is pretty good as well.           Sunday, June 26, 2016 4:01 PM 11111 Santa Monica Blvd Suite 400 Santa Monica, CA 90025 Parking garage is right next to building and garage entrance is off of Pontius Ave Security guard is in lobby, visitors must sign in, must have badge to access second set of elevators  that will take you to fourth floor, badge is swiped inside elevator Office is combined Mortgage Banking & Investment Sales as of 06/27/2016 Shaun Lee is Office Administrator Office diagram with phone setup info in the attachment below LA_Phone_ Allocation...                        ","office info office info office info office info office info office info office info office info office info office info friday, june 23, 2017 4:11 pm 6955 s. union park center suite 450 midvale, ut 84047 801-233-2310 office part business park. want find build up6, say 6955 top building. 2 level park garage park step lead main entrance 6955. charge parking. take elevator 4th floor. area lot new hotels restaurants plenty options food place stay. view pretty good well. sunday, june 26, 2016 4:01 pm 11111 santa monica blvd suite 400 santa monica, ca 90025 park garage right next build garage entrance pontius ave security guard lobby, visitors must sign in, must badge access second set elevators take fourth floor, badge swipe inside elevator office combine mortgage bank & investment sales 06/27/2016 shaun lee office administrator office diagram phone setup info attachment la_phone_ allocation...","Office info Office info   Friday, June 23, 2017 4:11 PM 6955 S. Union Park Center  Suite 450  Midvale, UT 84047  801-233-2310 Office is part of a business park. You want to find building UP6, it does not say 6955 on the top of the  building. There is a 2 level parking garage you can park in and the steps lead to the main entrance of  6955. No charge for parking. Take elevator to the 4th floor. The area has a lot of new hotels and restaurants so you have plenty of options for food and places to  stay. The view is pretty good as well.           Sunday, June 26, 2016 4:01 PM 11111 Santa Monica Blvd Suite 400 Santa Monica, CA 90025 Parking garage is right next to building and garage entrance is off of Pontius Ave Security guard is in lobby, visitors must sign in, must have badge to access second set of elevators  that will take you to fourth floor, badge is swiped inside elevator Office is combined Mortgage Banking & Investment Sales as of 06/27/2016 Shaun Lee is Office Administrator Office diagram with phone setup info in the attachment below LA_Phone_ Allocation...                        ","office info office info friday, june 23, 2017 4:11 pm 6955 s. union park center suite 450 midvale, ut 84047 801-233-2310 office part business park. want find build up6, say 6955 top building. 2 level park garage park step lead main entrance 6955. charge parking. take elevator 4th floor. area lot new hotels restaurants plenty options food place stay. view pretty good well. sunday, june 26, 2016 4:01 pm 11111 santa monica blvd suite 400 santa monica, ca 90025 park garage right next build garage entrance pontius ave security guard lobby, visitors must sign in, must badge access second set elevators take fourth floor, badge swipe inside elevator office combine mortgage bank & investment sales 06/27/2016 shaun lee office administrator office diagram phone setup info attachment la_phone_ allocation..."
258,Offices," Tuesday, October 31, 2017 10:32 AM The guys all have offices that have the Berkadia standard standing desks. All are setup pretty much  the same, except for Mark Vogel who has 3 monitors in his office and does not use a monitor arm.              ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[1022, 1024]","Offices Offices Offices Offices Offices Offices Offices Offices Offices Offices   Tuesday, October 31, 2017 10:32 AM The guys all have offices that have the Berkadia standard standing desks. All are setup pretty much  the same, except for Mark Vogel who has 3 monitors in his office and does not use a monitor arm.              ","offices offices offices offices offices offices offices offices offices offices tuesday, october 31, 2017 10:32 guy offices berkadia standard stand desks. setup pretty much same, except mark vogel 3 monitor office use monitor arm.","Offices Offices   Tuesday, October 31, 2017 10:32 AM The guys all have offices that have the Berkadia standard standing desks. All are setup pretty much  the same, except for Mark Vogel who has 3 monitors in his office and does not use a monitor arm.              ","offices offices tuesday, october 31, 2017 10:32 guy offices berkadia standard stand desks. setup pretty much same, except mark vogel 3 monitor office use monitor arm."
259,OmniView Access," Wednesday, January 17, 2018 10:52 AM RE  OmniVie... If you use the option circled below, this will cause an issue with your access in OmniView. If there is  anything on this drop down that you are selecting, let me know and I can let you know an alternate way  to get to the same page. This ‘Berkadia’ option/button is not working properly in Salesforce. We are  waiting on the vendor to correct but we don’t have an estimated fix date yet. So, please don’t use this  ‘Berkadia’ option. Please close any browsers that you have open. Then open Chrome and paste the link below in your  browser. This should open OmniView in the ‘home’ tab. You may need to select the ‘My New  Dashboard’ tab at the top of page to get back to the new Dashboard page. From that point, you should  be able to access everything as you normally would. https://na60.salesforce.com/home/home.jsp?tsid=02u30000000kyT8 This link should reset your OmniView access.     ","[53, 4, 142, 783]",[216],"OmniView Access OmniView Access OmniView Access OmniView Access OmniView Access OmniView Access OmniView Access OmniView Access OmniView Access OmniView Access   Wednesday, January 17, 2018 10:52 AM RE  OmniVie... If you use the option circled below, this will cause an issue with your access in OmniView. If there is  anything on this drop down that you are selecting, let me know and I can let you know an alternate way  to get to the same page. This ‘Berkadia’ option/button is not working properly in Salesforce. We are  waiting on the vendor to correct but we don’t have an estimated fix date yet. So, please don’t use this  ‘Berkadia’ option. Please close any browsers that you have open. Then open Chrome and paste the link below in your  browser. This should open OmniView in the ‘home’ tab. You may need to select the ‘My New  Dashboard’ tab at the top of page to get back to the new Dashboard page. From that point, you should  be able to access everything as you normally would. https://na60.salesforce.com/home/home.jsp?tsid=02u30000000kyT8 This link should reset your OmniView access.     ","omniview access omniview access omniview access omniview access omniview access omniview access omniview access omniview access omniview access omniview access wednesday, january 17, 2018 10:52 omnivie... use option circle below, cause issue access omniview. anything drop selecting, let know let know alternate way get page. ‘berkadia’ option/button work properly salesforce. wait vendor correct don’t estimate fix date yet. so, please don’t use ‘berkadia’ option. please close browsers open. open chrome paste link browser. open omniview ‘home’ tab. may need select ‘my new dashboard’ tab top page get back new dashboard page. point, able access everything normally would. https://na60.salesforce.com/home/home.jsptsid=02u30000000kyt8 link reset omniview access.","OmniView Access OmniView Access   Wednesday, January 17, 2018 10:52 AM RE  OmniVie... If you use the option circled below, this will cause an issue with your access in OmniView. If there is  anything on this drop down that you are selecting, let me know and I can let you know an alternate way  to get to the same page. This ‘Berkadia’ option/button is not working properly in Salesforce. We are  waiting on the vendor to correct but we don’t have an estimated fix date yet. So, please don’t use this  ‘Berkadia’ option. Please close any browsers that you have open. Then open Chrome and paste the link below in your  browser. This should open OmniView in the ‘home’ tab. You may need to select the ‘My New  Dashboard’ tab at the top of page to get back to the new Dashboard page. From that point, you should  be able to access everything as you normally would. https://na60.salesforce.com/home/home.jsp?tsid=02u30000000kyT8 This link should reset your OmniView access.     ","omniview access omniview access wednesday, january 17, 2018 10:52 omnivie... use option circle below, cause issue access omniview. anything drop selecting, let know let know alternate way get page. ‘berkadia’ option/button work properly salesforce. wait vendor correct don’t estimate fix date yet. so, please don’t use ‘berkadia’ option. please close browsers open. open chrome paste link browser. open omniview ‘home’ tab. may need select ‘my new dashboard’ tab top page get back new dashboard page. point, able access everything normally would. https://na60.salesforce.com/home/home.jsptsid=02u30000000kyt8 link reset omniview access."
260,OneDrive Files on Demand," Thursday, July 05, 2018 7:42 AM OneDrive Files On-Demand helps you access all your files in OneDrive without having to download all  of them and use storage space on your device. When you turn on Files On-Demand, you’ll see all your files in File Explorer and get new information  about each file. New files created online or on another device appear as online-only files, which don’t  take up space on your device. When you’re connected to the Internet, you’ll be able to use the files  like every other file on your device. https://support.office.com/en-us/article/learn-about-onedrive-files-on-demand-0e6860d3- d9f3-4971-b321-7092438fb38e Note: You’ll know that Files On-Demand is turned on if you see the status icons next to your files  in File Explorer, as shown in the video. OneDrive Files On-Demand requires Windows 10 Fall  Creators Update (version 16299.15 or later) and OneDrive build 17.3.7064.1005 or later. Why  don’t I see the Files On-Demand options in OneDrive settings? Files On-Demand might not be  compatible with some third-party antivirus solutions. With OneDrive Files On-Demand, you can: Save space on your device by making files online only Set files and folders to be always available locally on your device See important information about files, such as whether they are shared See thumbnails of over 270 different file types even if you don’t have the required application installed  to open it Your files will have these statuses in File Explorer: Online-only files don’t take up space on your computer. You see a cloud icon for each  online-only file in File Explorer, but the file doesn’t download to your device until you  open it. You can’t open online-only files when your device isn’t connected to the  Internet. When you open an online-only file, it downloads to your device and becomes a locally  available file. You can open a locally available file anytime, even without Internet access.  If you need more space, you can change the file back to online only. Just right-click the  file and select “Free up space.” Only files that you mark as ""Always keep on this device"" have the green circle with the  white check mark. These always available files download to your device and take up  space, but they’re always there for you even when you’re offline. Online-only  files Locally  available  files Always  available  files Turn on Files On-Demand Files On-Demand works with all the apps you use today, including Windows desktop apps and apps  from the Windows Store. Furthermore, Files On-Demand works with all your personal and work files       from the Windows Store. Furthermore, Files On-Demand works with all your personal and work files  from OneDrive and SharePoint Online team sites. Make sure you’re signed in to OneDrive on your device. Select the white or blue OneDrive cloud icon in the Windows taskbar notification area. 1. 2. 3. 4. (You might need to click the Show hidden icons arrow next to the notification area to see the OneDrive icon. If the icon doesn't appear in the notification  area, OneDrive might not be running. Select Start, type OneDrive in the search box, and then  select OneDrive in the search results.) In the activity center, select More > Settings. On the Settings tab, select the Save space and download files as you use them box. Note: Files On-Demand settings are unique to each device, so make sure you turn it on for each  device where you want to use it. From <https://support.office.com/en-us/article/learn-about-onedrive-files-on-demand-0e6860d3-d9f3-4971- b321-7092438fb38e>     ","[56, 0, 72, 775]","[286, 287]","OneDrive Files on Demand OneDrive Files on Demand OneDrive Files on Demand OneDrive Files on Demand OneDrive Files on Demand OneDrive Files on Demand OneDrive Files on Demand OneDrive Files on Demand OneDrive Files on Demand OneDrive Files on Demand   Thursday, July 05, 2018 7:42 AM OneDrive Files On-Demand helps you access all your files in OneDrive without having to download all  of them and use storage space on your device. When you turn on Files On-Demand, you’ll see all your files in File Explorer and get new information  about each file. New files created online or on another device appear as online-only files, which don’t  take up space on your device. When you’re connected to the Internet, you’ll be able to use the files  like every other file on your device. https://support.office.com/en-us/article/learn-about-onedrive-files-on-demand-0e6860d3- d9f3-4971-b321-7092438fb38e Note: You’ll know that Files On-Demand is turned on if you see the status icons next to your files  in File Explorer, as shown in the video. OneDrive Files On-Demand requires Windows 10 Fall  Creators Update (version 16299.15 or later) and OneDrive build 17.3.7064.1005 or later. Why  don’t I see the Files On-Demand options in OneDrive settings? Files On-Demand might not be  compatible with some third-party antivirus solutions. With OneDrive Files On-Demand, you can: Save space on your device by making files online only Set files and folders to be always available locally on your device See important information about files, such as whether they are shared See thumbnails of over 270 different file types even if you don’t have the required application installed  to open it Your files will have these statuses in File Explorer: Online-only files don’t take up space on your computer. You see a cloud icon for each  online-only file in File Explorer, but the file doesn’t download to your device until you  open it. You can’t open online-only files when your device isn’t connected to the  Internet. When you open an online-only file, it downloads to your device and becomes a locally  available file. You can open a locally available file anytime, even without Internet access.  If you need more space, you can change the file back to online only. Just right-click the  file and select “Free up space.” Only files that you mark as ""Always keep on this device"" have the green circle with the  white check mark. These always available files download to your device and take up  space, but they’re always there for you even when you’re offline. Online-only  files Locally  available  files Always  available  files Turn on Files On-Demand Files On-Demand works with all the apps you use today, including Windows desktop apps and apps  from the Windows Store. Furthermore, Files On-Demand works with all your personal and work files       from the Windows Store. Furthermore, Files On-Demand works with all your personal and work files  from OneDrive and SharePoint Online team sites. Make sure you’re signed in to OneDrive on your device. Select the white or blue OneDrive cloud icon in the Windows taskbar notification area. 1. 2. 3. 4. (You might need to click the Show hidden icons arrow next to the notification area to see the OneDrive icon. If the icon doesn't appear in the notification  area, OneDrive might not be running. Select Start, type OneDrive in the search box, and then  select OneDrive in the search results.) In the activity center, select More > Settings. On the Settings tab, select the Save space and download files as you use them box. Note: Files On-Demand settings are unique to each device, so make sure you turn it on for each  device where you want to use it. From <https://support.office.com/en-us/article/learn-about-onedrive-files-on-demand-0e6860d3-d9f3-4971- b321-7092438fb38e>     ","onedrive file demand onedrive file demand onedrive file demand onedrive file demand onedrive file demand onedrive file demand onedrive file demand onedrive file demand onedrive file demand onedrive file demand thursday, july 05, 2018 7:42 onedrive file on-demand help access file onedrive without download use storage space device. turn file on-demand, you’ll see file file explorer get new information file. new file create online another device appear online-only files, don’t take space device. you’re connect internet, you’ll able use file like every file device. https://support.office.com/en-us/article/learn-about-onedrive-files-on-demand-0e6860d3- d9f3-4971-b321-7092438fb38e note: you’ll know file on-demand turn see status icons next file file explorer, show video. onedrive file on-demand require windows 10 fall creators update (version 16299.15 later) onedrive build 17.3.7064.1005 later. don’t see file on-demand options onedrive settings file on-demand might compatible third-party antivirus solutions. onedrive file on-demand, can: save space device make file online set file folders always available locally device see important information files, whether share see thumbnails 270 different file type even don’t require application instal open file statuses file explorer: online-only file don’t take space computer. see cloud icon online-only file file explorer, file doesn’t download device open it. can’t open online-only file device isn’t connect internet. open online-only file, download device become locally available file. open locally available file anytime, even without internet access. need space, change file back online only. right-click file select “free space.” file mark ""always keep device"" green circle white check mark. always available file download device take space, they’re always even you’re offline. online-only file locally available file always available file turn file on-demand file on-demand work apps use today, include windows desktop apps apps windows store. furthermore, file on-demand work personal work file windows store. furthermore, file on-demand work personal work file onedrive sharepoint online team sites. make sure you’re sign onedrive device. select white blue onedrive cloud icon windows taskbar notification area. 1. 2. 3. 4. (you might need click show hide icons arrow next notification area see onedrive icon. icon appear notification area, onedrive might running. select start, type onedrive search box, select onedrive search results.) activity center, select > settings. settings tab, select save space download file use box. note: file on-demand settings unique device, make sure turn device want use it. <https://support.office.com/en-us/article/learn-about-onedrive-files-on-demand-0e6860d3-d9f3-4971- b321-7092438fb38e>","OneDrive Files on Demand OneDrive Files on Demand   Thursday, July 05, 2018 7:42 AM OneDrive Files On-Demand helps you access all your files in OneDrive without having to download all  of them and use storage space on your device. When you turn on Files On-Demand, you’ll see all your files in File Explorer and get new information  about each file. New files created online or on another device appear as online-only files, which don’t  take up space on your device. When you’re connected to the Internet, you’ll be able to use the files  like every other file on your device. https://support.office.com/en-us/article/learn-about-onedrive-files-on-demand-0e6860d3- d9f3-4971-b321-7092438fb38e Note: You’ll know that Files On-Demand is turned on if you see the status icons next to your files  in File Explorer, as shown in the video. OneDrive Files On-Demand requires Windows 10 Fall  Creators Update (version 16299.15 or later) and OneDrive build 17.3.7064.1005 or later. Why  don’t I see the Files On-Demand options in OneDrive settings? Files On-Demand might not be  compatible with some third-party antivirus solutions. With OneDrive Files On-Demand, you can: Save space on your device by making files online only Set files and folders to be always available locally on your device See important information about files, such as whether they are shared See thumbnails of over 270 different file types even if you don’t have the required application installed  to open it Your files will have these statuses in File Explorer: Online-only files don’t take up space on your computer. You see a cloud icon for each  online-only file in File Explorer, but the file doesn’t download to your device until you  open it. You can’t open online-only files when your device isn’t connected to the  Internet. When you open an online-only file, it downloads to your device and becomes a locally  available file. You can open a locally available file anytime, even without Internet access.  If you need more space, you can change the file back to online only. Just right-click the  file and select “Free up space.” Only files that you mark as ""Always keep on this device"" have the green circle with the  white check mark. These always available files download to your device and take up  space, but they’re always there for you even when you’re offline. Online-only  files Locally  available  files Always  available  files Turn on Files On-Demand Files On-Demand works with all the apps you use today, including Windows desktop apps and apps  from the Windows Store. Furthermore, Files On-Demand works with all your personal and work files       from the Windows Store. Furthermore, Files On-Demand works with all your personal and work files  from OneDrive and SharePoint Online team sites. Make sure you’re signed in to OneDrive on your device. Select the white or blue OneDrive cloud icon in the Windows taskbar notification area. 1. 2. 3. 4. (You might need to click the Show hidden icons arrow next to the notification area to see the OneDrive icon. If the icon doesn't appear in the notification  area, OneDrive might not be running. Select Start, type OneDrive in the search box, and then  select OneDrive in the search results.) In the activity center, select More > Settings. On the Settings tab, select the Save space and download files as you use them box. Note: Files On-Demand settings are unique to each device, so make sure you turn it on for each  device where you want to use it. From <https://support.office.com/en-us/article/learn-about-onedrive-files-on-demand-0e6860d3-d9f3-4971- b321-7092438fb38e>     ","onedrive file demand onedrive file demand thursday, july 05, 2018 7:42 onedrive file on-demand help access file onedrive without download use storage space device. turn file on-demand, you’ll see file file explorer get new information file. new file create online another device appear online-only files, don’t take space device. you’re connect internet, you’ll able use file like every file device. https://support.office.com/en-us/article/learn-about-onedrive-files-on-demand-0e6860d3- d9f3-4971-b321-7092438fb38e note: you’ll know file on-demand turn see status icons next file file explorer, show video. onedrive file on-demand require windows 10 fall creators update (version 16299.15 later) onedrive build 17.3.7064.1005 later. don’t see file on-demand options onedrive settings file on-demand might compatible third-party antivirus solutions. onedrive file on-demand, can: save space device make file online set file folders always available locally device see important information files, whether share see thumbnails 270 different file type even don’t require application instal open file statuses file explorer: online-only file don’t take space computer. see cloud icon online-only file file explorer, file doesn’t download device open it. can’t open online-only file device isn’t connect internet. open online-only file, download device become locally available file. open locally available file anytime, even without internet access. need space, change file back online only. right-click file select “free space.” file mark ""always keep device"" green circle white check mark. always available file download device take space, they’re always even you’re offline. online-only file locally available file always available file turn file on-demand file on-demand work apps use today, include windows desktop apps apps windows store. furthermore, file on-demand work personal work file windows store. furthermore, file on-demand work personal work file onedrive sharepoint online team sites. make sure you’re sign onedrive device. select white blue onedrive cloud icon windows taskbar notification area. 1. 2. 3. 4. (you might need click show hide icons arrow next notification area see onedrive icon. icon appear notification area, onedrive might running. select start, type onedrive search box, select onedrive search results.) activity center, select > settings. settings tab, select save space download file use box. note: file on-demand settings unique device, make sure turn device want use it. <https://support.office.com/en-us/article/learn-about-onedrive-files-on-demand-0e6860d3-d9f3-4971- b321-7092438fb38e>"
261,OneDrive Information," Tuesday, April 3, 2018 8:20 AM OneDrive Icons and What They Mean: https://support.office.com/en-us/article/what-do-the-onedrive-icons-mean-11143026-8000-44f8- aaa9-67c985aa49b3 Telling the differences between versions of OneDrive: https://support.office.com/en-us/article/which-version-of-onedrive-am-i- using-19246eae-8a51-490a-8d97-a645c151f2ba    ","[72, 0, 161, 775]",[283],"OneDrive Information OneDrive Information OneDrive Information OneDrive Information OneDrive Information OneDrive Information OneDrive Information OneDrive Information OneDrive Information OneDrive Information   Tuesday, April 3, 2018 8:20 AM OneDrive Icons and What They Mean: https://support.office.com/en-us/article/what-do-the-onedrive-icons-mean-11143026-8000-44f8- aaa9-67c985aa49b3 Telling the differences between versions of OneDrive: https://support.office.com/en-us/article/which-version-of-onedrive-am-i- using-19246eae-8a51-490a-8d97-a645c151f2ba    ","onedrive information onedrive information onedrive information onedrive information onedrive information onedrive information onedrive information onedrive information onedrive information onedrive information tuesday, april 3, 2018 8:20 onedrive icons mean: https://support.office.com/en-us/article/what-do-the-onedrive-icons-mean-11143026-8000-44f8- aaa9-67c985aa49b3 tell differences versions onedrive: https://support.office.com/en-us/article/which-version-of-onedrive-am-i- using-19246eae-8a51-490a-8d97-a645c151f2ba","OneDrive Information OneDrive Information   Tuesday, April 3, 2018 8:20 AM OneDrive Icons and What They Mean: https://support.office.com/en-us/article/what-do-the-onedrive-icons-mean-11143026-8000-44f8- aaa9-67c985aa49b3 Telling the differences between versions of OneDrive: https://support.office.com/en-us/article/which-version-of-onedrive-am-i- using-19246eae-8a51-490a-8d97-a645c151f2ba    ","onedrive information onedrive information tuesday, april 3, 2018 8:20 onedrive icons mean: https://support.office.com/en-us/article/what-do-the-onedrive-icons-mean-11143026-8000-44f8- aaa9-67c985aa49b3 tell differences versions onedrive: https://support.office.com/en-us/article/which-version-of-onedrive-am-i- using-19246eae-8a51-490a-8d97-a645c151f2ba"
262,OneDrive Sync Icon Issue," Thursday, December 28, 2017 8:49 AM https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/3079213/sync-icon-overlays-are-missing-from-onedrive- and-onedrive-for-business    ","[72, 0, 193, 775]",[282],"OneDrive Sync Icon Issue OneDrive Sync Icon Issue OneDrive Sync Icon Issue OneDrive Sync Icon Issue OneDrive Sync Icon Issue OneDrive Sync Icon Issue OneDrive Sync Icon Issue OneDrive Sync Icon Issue OneDrive Sync Icon Issue OneDrive Sync Icon Issue   Thursday, December 28, 2017 8:49 AM https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/3079213/sync-icon-overlays-are-missing-from-onedrive- and-onedrive-for-business    ","onedrive sync icon issue onedrive sync icon issue onedrive sync icon issue onedrive sync icon issue onedrive sync icon issue onedrive sync icon issue onedrive sync icon issue onedrive sync icon issue onedrive sync icon issue onedrive sync icon issue thursday, december 28, 2017 8:49 https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/3079213/sync-icon-overlays-are-missing-from-onedrive- and-onedrive-for-business","OneDrive Sync Icon Issue OneDrive Sync Icon Issue   Thursday, December 28, 2017 8:49 AM https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/3079213/sync-icon-overlays-are-missing-from-onedrive- and-onedrive-for-business    ","onedrive sync icon issue onedrive sync icon issue thursday, december 28, 2017 8:49 https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/3079213/sync-icon-overlays-are-missing-from-onedrive- and-onedrive-for-business"
263,OneDrive duplicate link in Explorer," Wednesday, June 13, 2018 4:08 PM https://superuser.com/questions/1144868/duplicated-onedrive-icon-in-explorer    ","[72, 0, 180, 775]",[284],"OneDrive duplicate link in Explorer OneDrive duplicate link in Explorer OneDrive duplicate link in Explorer OneDrive duplicate link in Explorer OneDrive duplicate link in Explorer OneDrive duplicate link in Explorer OneDrive duplicate link in Explorer OneDrive duplicate link in Explorer OneDrive duplicate link in Explorer OneDrive duplicate link in Explorer   Wednesday, June 13, 2018 4:08 PM https://superuser.com/questions/1144868/duplicated-onedrive-icon-in-explorer    ","onedrive duplicate link explorer onedrive duplicate link explorer onedrive duplicate link explorer onedrive duplicate link explorer onedrive duplicate link explorer onedrive duplicate link explorer onedrive duplicate link explorer onedrive duplicate link explorer onedrive duplicate link explorer onedrive duplicate link explorer wednesday, june 13, 2018 4:08 pm https://superuser.com/questions/1144868/duplicated-onedrive-icon-in-explorer","OneDrive duplicate link in Explorer OneDrive duplicate link in Explorer   Wednesday, June 13, 2018 4:08 PM https://superuser.com/questions/1144868/duplicated-onedrive-icon-in-explorer    ","onedrive duplicate link explorer onedrive duplicate link explorer wednesday, june 13, 2018 4:08 pm https://superuser.com/questions/1144868/duplicated-onedrive-icon-in-explorer"
264,Online," Tuesday, February 20, 2018 8:11 AM Phone not pulling down mail after upgrade Android  - Take device off wifi. Ensure the user has an updated version of Touchdown HD  (version 9.0.xxx and up). The HD version isn’t required but is easier to support. If you  cannot proceed at this point by removing and reapplying the correct email label after  forcing a device check in after each change, retire the device and re-run Mobileiron  registration. IOS – Take device off wifi. Ensure that Office 365 email is listed under Settings->Mail-> accounts. If you see any other accounts related to Berkadia email/exchange email, please  delete. Remove from Office365 email label, force device check in, reapply to Office365  email label, force device check in.    ","[72, 0, 183, 751]",[246],"Online Online Online Online Online Online Online Online Online Online   Tuesday, February 20, 2018 8:11 AM Phone not pulling down mail after upgrade Android  - Take device off wifi. Ensure the user has an updated version of Touchdown HD  (version 9.0.xxx and up). The HD version isn’t required but is easier to support. If you  cannot proceed at this point by removing and reapplying the correct email label after  forcing a device check in after each change, retire the device and re-run Mobileiron  registration. IOS – Take device off wifi. Ensure that Office 365 email is listed under Settings->Mail-> accounts. If you see any other accounts related to Berkadia email/exchange email, please  delete. Remove from Office365 email label, force device check in, reapply to Office365  email label, force device check in.    ","online online online online online online online online online online tuesday, february 20, 2018 8:11 phone pull mail upgrade android - take device wifi. ensure user update version touchdown hd (version 9.0.xxx up). hd version isn’t require easier support. cannot proceed point remove reapplying correct email label force device check change, retire device re-run mobileiron registration. ios – take device wifi. ensure office 365 email list settings->mail-> accounts. see account relate berkadia email/exchange email, please delete. remove office365 email label, force device check in, reapply office365 email label, force device check in.","Online Online   Tuesday, February 20, 2018 8:11 AM Phone not pulling down mail after upgrade Android  - Take device off wifi. Ensure the user has an updated version of Touchdown HD  (version 9.0.xxx and up). The HD version isn’t required but is easier to support. If you  cannot proceed at this point by removing and reapplying the correct email label after  forcing a device check in after each change, retire the device and re-run Mobileiron  registration. IOS – Take device off wifi. Ensure that Office 365 email is listed under Settings->Mail-> accounts. If you see any other accounts related to Berkadia email/exchange email, please  delete. Remove from Office365 email label, force device check in, reapply to Office365  email label, force device check in.    ","online online tuesday, february 20, 2018 8:11 phone pull mail upgrade android - take device wifi. ensure user update version touchdown hd (version 9.0.xxx up). hd version isn’t require easier support. cannot proceed point remove reapplying correct email label force device check change, retire device re-run mobileiron registration. ios – take device wifi. ensure office 365 email list settings->mail-> accounts. see account relate berkadia email/exchange email, please delete. remove office365 email label, force device check in, reapply office365 email label, force device check in."
265,"Open the Application, titled “RD Client”."," Wednesday, March 16, 2016 10:30 PM    ","[72, 0, 79, 9]",[149],"Open the Application, titled “RD Client”. Open the Application, titled “RD Client”. Open the Application, titled “RD Client”. Open the Application, titled “RD Client”. Open the Application, titled “RD Client”. Open the Application, titled “RD Client”. Open the Application, titled “RD Client”. Open the Application, titled “RD Client”. Open the Application, titled “RD Client”. Open the Application, titled “RD Client”.   Wednesday, March 16, 2016 10:30 PM    ","open application, title “rd client”. open application, title “rd client”. open application, title “rd client”. open application, title “rd client”. open application, title “rd client”. open application, title “rd client”. open application, title “rd client”. open application, title “rd client”. open application, title “rd client”. open application, title “rd client”. wednesday, march 16, 2016 10:30 pm","Open the Application, titled “RD Client”. Open the Application, titled “RD Client”.   Wednesday, March 16, 2016 10:30 PM    ","open application, title “rd client”. open application, title “rd client”. wednesday, march 16, 2016 10:30 pm"
266,Opening Email Attachment," Friday, January 12, 2018 8:21 AM Email attachments for Berkadia mobile email are securely encrypted and show up in this format   filename.secure. Users must have Docs@Work installed in order to open these attachments. Download from app  store if missing.      Monday, September 21, 2015 9:55 AM","[72, 769, 72, 775]","[60, 61]","Opening Email Attachment Opening Email Attachment Opening Email Attachment Opening Email Attachment Opening Email Attachment Opening Email Attachment Opening Email Attachment Opening Email Attachment Opening Email Attachment Opening Email Attachment   Friday, January 12, 2018 8:21 AM Email attachments for Berkadia mobile email are securely encrypted and show up in this format   filename.secure. Users must have Docs@Work installed in order to open these attachments. Download from app  store if missing.      Monday, September 21, 2015 9:55 AM","open email attachment open email attachment open email attachment open email attachment open email attachment open email attachment open email attachment open email attachment open email attachment open email attachment friday, january 12, 2018 8:21 email attachments berkadia mobile email securely encrypt show format filename.secure. users must docs@work instal order open attachments. download app store missing. monday, september 21, 2015 9:55","Opening Email Attachment Opening Email Attachment   Friday, January 12, 2018 8:21 AM Email attachments for Berkadia mobile email are securely encrypted and show up in this format   filename.secure. Users must have Docs@Work installed in order to open these attachments. Download from app  store if missing.      Monday, September 21, 2015 9:55 AM","open email attachment open email attachment friday, january 12, 2018 8:21 email attachments berkadia mobile email securely encrypt show format filename.secure. users must docs@work instal order open attachments. download app store missing. monday, september 21, 2015 9:55"
267,Optional Email Template," Wednesday, July 11, 2018 4:31 PM Hi _,  This is _ from the Desktop Engineering team here in Ambler, PA. I am writing to inform you that we  are sending a shipment of laptops to your location in _. This shipment consists of _ laptops, and _  docking stations. The names of those receiving equipment are as follows: Laptops: Docking Stations: When the shipment arrives, it is important that each recipient contact the Helpdesk in regards to  getting migrated and squared away with their new laptop.  If you have any questions or concerns, the tracking number for this shipment is _. You can also contact myself, Frank Ruffino, or any other member of the Desktop Engineering team.     ","[72, 0, 177, 775]",[1303],"Optional Email Template Optional Email Template Optional Email Template Optional Email Template Optional Email Template Optional Email Template Optional Email Template Optional Email Template Optional Email Template Optional Email Template   Wednesday, July 11, 2018 4:31 PM Hi _,  This is _ from the Desktop Engineering team here in Ambler, PA. I am writing to inform you that we  are sending a shipment of laptops to your location in _. This shipment consists of _ laptops, and _  docking stations. The names of those receiving equipment are as follows: Laptops: Docking Stations: When the shipment arrives, it is important that each recipient contact the Helpdesk in regards to  getting migrated and squared away with their new laptop.  If you have any questions or concerns, the tracking number for this shipment is _. You can also contact myself, Frank Ruffino, or any other member of the Desktop Engineering team.     ","optional email template optional email template optional email template optional email template optional email template optional email template optional email template optional email template optional email template optional email template wednesday, july 11, 2018 4:31 pm hi _, _ desktop engineer team ambler, pa. write inform send shipment laptops location _. shipment consist _ laptops, _ dock stations. name receive equipment follows: laptops: dock stations: shipment arrives, important recipient contact helpdesk regard get migrate square away new laptop. question concerns, track number shipment _. also contact myself, frank ruffino, member desktop engineer team.","Optional Email Template Optional Email Template   Wednesday, July 11, 2018 4:31 PM Hi _,  This is _ from the Desktop Engineering team here in Ambler, PA. I am writing to inform you that we  are sending a shipment of laptops to your location in _. This shipment consists of _ laptops, and _  docking stations. The names of those receiving equipment are as follows: Laptops: Docking Stations: When the shipment arrives, it is important that each recipient contact the Helpdesk in regards to  getting migrated and squared away with their new laptop.  If you have any questions or concerns, the tracking number for this shipment is _. You can also contact myself, Frank Ruffino, or any other member of the Desktop Engineering team.     ","optional email template optional email template wednesday, july 11, 2018 4:31 pm hi _, _ desktop engineer team ambler, pa. write inform send shipment laptops location _. shipment consist _ laptops, _ dock stations. name receive equipment follows: laptops: dock stations: shipment arrives, important recipient contact helpdesk regard get migrate square away new laptop. question concerns, track number shipment _. also contact myself, frank ruffino, member desktop engineer team."
268,Outlook,1. Go to tools  2. Email accounts  3. Add a new directory or address book  4. click next  5. Additional Address Books  6. click next  7. Outlook Address Book  8. Hit the OK button  9. Close Outlook  10. Go back to the contacts list  11. right click on Contacts and choose properties  12. go to the outlook address book tab  13. check the box that says show this folder as an email address book  14. make sure the name is contacts in the text box  15. Hit apply and you are done now verify it worked.      1. Go to tools  2. Email accounts  3. Add a new directory or address book  4. click next  5. Additional Address Books  6. click next  7. Outlook Address Book  8. Hit the OK button  9. Close Outlook  10. Go back to the contacts list  11. right click on Contacts and choose properties  12. go to the outlook address book tab  13. check the box that says show this folder as an email address book  14. make sure the name is contacts in the text box  15. Hit apply and you are done now verify it worked.     ,"[50, 0, 50, 681]","[335, 348]",Outlook Outlook Outlook Outlook Outlook Outlook Outlook Outlook Outlook Outlook  1. Go to tools  2. Email accounts  3. Add a new directory or address book  4. click next  5. Additional Address Books  6. click next  7. Outlook Address Book  8. Hit the OK button  9. Close Outlook  10. Go back to the contacts list  11. right click on Contacts and choose properties  12. go to the outlook address book tab  13. check the box that says show this folder as an email address book  14. make sure the name is contacts in the text box  15. Hit apply and you are done now verify it worked.      1. Go to tools  2. Email accounts  3. Add a new directory or address book  4. click next  5. Additional Address Books  6. click next  7. Outlook Address Book  8. Hit the OK button  9. Close Outlook  10. Go back to the contacts list  11. right click on Contacts and choose properties  12. go to the outlook address book tab  13. check the box that says show this folder as an email address book  14. make sure the name is contacts in the text box  15. Hit apply and you are done now verify it worked.     ,outlook outlook outlook outlook outlook outlook outlook outlook outlook outlook 1. go tool 2. email account 3. add new directory address book 4. click next 5. additional address book 6. click next 7. outlook address book 8. hit ok button 9. close outlook 10. go back contact list 11. right click contact choose properties 12. go outlook address book tab 13. check box say show folder email address book 14. make sure name contact text box 15. hit apply do verify worked. 1. go tool 2. email account 3. add new directory address book 4. click next 5. additional address book 6. click next 7. outlook address book 8. hit ok button 9. close outlook 10. go back contact list 11. right click contact choose properties 12. go outlook address book tab 13. check box say show folder email address book 14. make sure name contact text box 15. hit apply do verify worked.,Outlook Outlook  1. Go to tools  2. Email accounts  3. Add a new directory or address book  4. click next  5. Additional Address Books  6. click next  7. Outlook Address Book  8. Hit the OK button  9. Close Outlook  10. Go back to the contacts list  11. right click on Contacts and choose properties  12. go to the outlook address book tab  13. check the box that says show this folder as an email address book  14. make sure the name is contacts in the text box  15. Hit apply and you are done now verify it worked.      1. Go to tools  2. Email accounts  3. Add a new directory or address book  4. click next  5. Additional Address Books  6. click next  7. Outlook Address Book  8. Hit the OK button  9. Close Outlook  10. Go back to the contacts list  11. right click on Contacts and choose properties  12. go to the outlook address book tab  13. check the box that says show this folder as an email address book  14. make sure the name is contacts in the text box  15. Hit apply and you are done now verify it worked.     ,outlook outlook 1. go tool 2. email account 3. add new directory address book 4. click next 5. additional address book 6. click next 7. outlook address book 8. hit ok button 9. close outlook 10. go back contact list 11. right click contact choose properties 12. go outlook address book tab 13. check box say show folder email address book 14. make sure name contact text box 15. hit apply do verify worked. 1. go tool 2. email account 3. add new directory address book 4. click next 5. additional address book 6. click next 7. outlook address book 8. hit ok button 9. close outlook 10. go back contact list 11. right click contact choose properties 12. go outlook address book tab 13. check box say show folder email address book 14. make sure name contact text box 15. hit apply do verify worked.
269,Outlook Reminder Issues," 2:14 PM Monday, December 10, 2012","[72, 769, 243, 779]",[322],"Outlook Reminder Issues Outlook Reminder Issues Outlook Reminder Issues Outlook Reminder Issues Outlook Reminder Issues Outlook Reminder Issues Outlook Reminder Issues Outlook Reminder Issues Outlook Reminder Issues Outlook Reminder Issues   2:14 PM Monday, December 10, 2012","outlook reminder issue outlook reminder issue outlook reminder issue outlook reminder issue outlook reminder issue outlook reminder issue outlook reminder issue outlook reminder issue outlook reminder issue outlook reminder issue 2:14 pm monday, december 10, 2012","Outlook Reminder Issues Outlook Reminder Issues   2:14 PM Monday, December 10, 2012","outlook reminder issue outlook reminder issue 2:14 pm monday, december 10, 2012"
270,Outlook Stuck/Not launching," Tuesday, February 20, 2018 8:03 AM Outlook stuck on processing - Close the Outlook window. Hold CTRL and launch Outlook and start  Outlook in safe mode. Close out of the white window that keeps popping up and then click Accept  on any office update prompts. Once you see “Needs Password” where it usually says “Connected to  Microsoft Exchange”, close and relaunch Outlook and it should open, connect, and start syncing as  expected. Outlook stuck on loading profile - If you see this happening, close out of all Office apps, quit Skype  from the system tray, then go to Add/Remove programs. Select Office 365 Software and do a  “Change” and select Quick Repair. Relaunch once complete. Investigate if there are additional old  Outlook profiles, delete them if not in use.    ","[72, 0, 183, 775]",[260],"Outlook Stuck/Not launching Outlook Stuck/Not launching Outlook Stuck/Not launching Outlook Stuck/Not launching Outlook Stuck/Not launching Outlook Stuck/Not launching Outlook Stuck/Not launching Outlook Stuck/Not launching Outlook Stuck/Not launching Outlook Stuck/Not launching   Tuesday, February 20, 2018 8:03 AM Outlook stuck on processing - Close the Outlook window. Hold CTRL and launch Outlook and start  Outlook in safe mode. Close out of the white window that keeps popping up and then click Accept  on any office update prompts. Once you see “Needs Password” where it usually says “Connected to  Microsoft Exchange”, close and relaunch Outlook and it should open, connect, and start syncing as  expected. Outlook stuck on loading profile - If you see this happening, close out of all Office apps, quit Skype  from the system tray, then go to Add/Remove programs. Select Office 365 Software and do a  “Change” and select Quick Repair. Relaunch once complete. Investigate if there are additional old  Outlook profiles, delete them if not in use.    ","outlook stuck/not launch outlook stuck/not launch outlook stuck/not launch outlook stuck/not launch outlook stuck/not launch outlook stuck/not launch outlook stuck/not launch outlook stuck/not launch outlook stuck/not launch outlook stuck/not launch tuesday, february 20, 2018 8:03 outlook stick process - close outlook window. hold ctrl launch outlook start outlook safe mode. close white window keep pop click accept office update prompts. see “needs password” usually say “connected microsoft exchange”, close relaunch outlook open, connect, start sync expected. outlook stick load profile - see happening, close office apps, quit skype system tray, go add/remove programs. select office 365 software “change” select quick repair. relaunch complete. investigate additional old outlook profiles, delete use.","Outlook Stuck/Not launching Outlook Stuck/Not launching   Tuesday, February 20, 2018 8:03 AM Outlook stuck on processing - Close the Outlook window. Hold CTRL and launch Outlook and start  Outlook in safe mode. Close out of the white window that keeps popping up and then click Accept  on any office update prompts. Once you see “Needs Password” where it usually says “Connected to  Microsoft Exchange”, close and relaunch Outlook and it should open, connect, and start syncing as  expected. Outlook stuck on loading profile - If you see this happening, close out of all Office apps, quit Skype  from the system tray, then go to Add/Remove programs. Select Office 365 Software and do a  “Change” and select Quick Repair. Relaunch once complete. Investigate if there are additional old  Outlook profiles, delete them if not in use.    ","outlook stuck/not launch outlook stuck/not launch tuesday, february 20, 2018 8:03 outlook stick process - close outlook window. hold ctrl launch outlook start outlook safe mode. close white window keep pop click accept office update prompts. see “needs password” usually say “connected microsoft exchange”, close relaunch outlook open, connect, start sync expected. outlook stick load profile - see happening, close office apps, quit skype system tray, go add/remove programs. select office 365 software “change” select quick repair. relaunch complete. investigate additional old outlook profiles, delete use."
271,Outlook disconnecting over Forticlient," Tuesday, February 20, 2018 8:10 AM Outlook disconnecting over Forticlient – Open any Office 365 product, click file->Office Account-> Update options->Update now. Ensure that Logonapp.exe is running, check Lan settings and Fortissl  settings and ensure that the proxy.pac is in use. Ensure that the user is in the Websense Office365  AD group.    ","[72, 0, 183, 775]",[264],"Outlook disconnecting over Forticlient Outlook disconnecting over Forticlient Outlook disconnecting over Forticlient Outlook disconnecting over Forticlient Outlook disconnecting over Forticlient Outlook disconnecting over Forticlient Outlook disconnecting over Forticlient Outlook disconnecting over Forticlient Outlook disconnecting over Forticlient Outlook disconnecting over Forticlient   Tuesday, February 20, 2018 8:10 AM Outlook disconnecting over Forticlient – Open any Office 365 product, click file->Office Account-> Update options->Update now. Ensure that Logonapp.exe is running, check Lan settings and Fortissl  settings and ensure that the proxy.pac is in use. Ensure that the user is in the Websense Office365  AD group.    ","outlook disconnect forticlient outlook disconnect forticlient outlook disconnect forticlient outlook disconnect forticlient outlook disconnect forticlient outlook disconnect forticlient outlook disconnect forticlient outlook disconnect forticlient outlook disconnect forticlient outlook disconnect forticlient tuesday, february 20, 2018 8:10 outlook disconnect forticlient – open office 365 product, click file->office account-> update options->update now. ensure logonapp.exe running, check lan settings fortissl settings ensure proxy.pac use. ensure user websense office365 ad group.","Outlook disconnecting over Forticlient Outlook disconnecting over Forticlient   Tuesday, February 20, 2018 8:10 AM Outlook disconnecting over Forticlient – Open any Office 365 product, click file->Office Account-> Update options->Update now. Ensure that Logonapp.exe is running, check Lan settings and Fortissl  settings and ensure that the proxy.pac is in use. Ensure that the user is in the Websense Office365  AD group.    ","outlook disconnect forticlient outlook disconnect forticlient tuesday, february 20, 2018 8:10 outlook disconnect forticlient – open office 365 product, click file->office account-> update options->update now. ensure logonapp.exe running, check lan settings fortissl settings ensure proxy.pac use. ensure user websense office365 ad group."
272,Outlook for Mac search not displaying all results," Monday, April 23, 2018 2:06 PM The Spotlight index may be corrupted. To reindex the Spotlight index, follow these  steps: a. b. Restart the Mac, so that it restarts the Spotlight services. Navigate to Finder > Applications > Utilities > Terminal. c. Type mdimport -L. d. Important: If you see more than one instance of ""Microsoft Outlook Spotlight  Importer.mdimporter,"" delete the Outlook application that you are not using,  empty it from the Trash, restart your Mac, and go back to step 1. e. In the Terminal, reindex your Outlook database by using the following command  and substituting your own user name for the <user_name> placeholder: mdimport -g ""/Applications/Microsoft  Outlook.app/Contents/Library/Spotlight/Microsoft Outlook Spotlight  Importer.mdimporter"" -d1 ""/Users/<user_name>/Library/Group  Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/Outlook/Outlook 15  Profiles/<my_profile_name>"" Note In this command, the path after ""-g"" is the default path of the Outlook  installation. The path after ""-d1"" is the default path of your profile, where  <my_profile_name> is, by default “Main Profile."" You'll have to substitute your  actual paths if you have renamed your profile or installed Outlook in a different  location. f. Reindexing will take some time to complete. After the process is complete, exit  and then restart Outlook.    ","[72, 0, 425, 775]",[297],"Outlook for Mac search not displaying all results Outlook for Mac search not displaying all results Outlook for Mac search not displaying all results Outlook for Mac search not displaying all results Outlook for Mac search not displaying all results Outlook for Mac search not displaying all results Outlook for Mac search not displaying all results Outlook for Mac search not displaying all results Outlook for Mac search not displaying all results Outlook for Mac search not displaying all results   Monday, April 23, 2018 2:06 PM The Spotlight index may be corrupted. To reindex the Spotlight index, follow these  steps: a. b. Restart the Mac, so that it restarts the Spotlight services. Navigate to Finder > Applications > Utilities > Terminal. c. Type mdimport -L. d. Important: If you see more than one instance of ""Microsoft Outlook Spotlight  Importer.mdimporter,"" delete the Outlook application that you are not using,  empty it from the Trash, restart your Mac, and go back to step 1. e. In the Terminal, reindex your Outlook database by using the following command  and substituting your own user name for the <user_name> placeholder: mdimport -g ""/Applications/Microsoft  Outlook.app/Contents/Library/Spotlight/Microsoft Outlook Spotlight  Importer.mdimporter"" -d1 ""/Users/<user_name>/Library/Group  Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/Outlook/Outlook 15  Profiles/<my_profile_name>"" Note In this command, the path after ""-g"" is the default path of the Outlook  installation. The path after ""-d1"" is the default path of your profile, where  <my_profile_name> is, by default “Main Profile."" You'll have to substitute your  actual paths if you have renamed your profile or installed Outlook in a different  location. f. Reindexing will take some time to complete. After the process is complete, exit  and then restart Outlook.    ","outlook mac search display result outlook mac search display result outlook mac search display result outlook mac search display result outlook mac search display result outlook mac search display result outlook mac search display result outlook mac search display result outlook mac search display result outlook mac search display result monday, april 23, 2018 2:06 pm spotlight index may corrupted. reindex spotlight index, follow steps: a. b. restart mac, restart spotlight services. navigate finder > applications > utilities > terminal. c. type mdimport -l. d. important: see one instance ""microsoft outlook spotlight importer.mdimporter,"" delete outlook application using, empty trash, restart mac, go back step 1. e. terminal, reindex outlook database use follow command substitute user name <user_name> placeholder: mdimport -g ""/applications/microsoft outlook.app/contents/library/spotlight/microsoft outlook spotlight importer.mdimporter"" -d1 ""/users/<user_name>/library/group containers/ubf8t346g9.office/outlook/outlook 15 profiles/<my_profile_name>"" note command, path ""-g"" default path outlook installation. path ""-d1"" default path profile, <my_profile_name> is, default “main profile."" substitute actual paths rename profile instal outlook different location. f. reindexing take time complete. process complete, exit restart outlook.","Outlook for Mac search not displaying all results Outlook for Mac search not displaying all results   Monday, April 23, 2018 2:06 PM The Spotlight index may be corrupted. To reindex the Spotlight index, follow these  steps: a. b. Restart the Mac, so that it restarts the Spotlight services. Navigate to Finder > Applications > Utilities > Terminal. c. Type mdimport -L. d. Important: If you see more than one instance of ""Microsoft Outlook Spotlight  Importer.mdimporter,"" delete the Outlook application that you are not using,  empty it from the Trash, restart your Mac, and go back to step 1. e. In the Terminal, reindex your Outlook database by using the following command  and substituting your own user name for the <user_name> placeholder: mdimport -g ""/Applications/Microsoft  Outlook.app/Contents/Library/Spotlight/Microsoft Outlook Spotlight  Importer.mdimporter"" -d1 ""/Users/<user_name>/Library/Group  Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/Outlook/Outlook 15  Profiles/<my_profile_name>"" Note In this command, the path after ""-g"" is the default path of the Outlook  installation. The path after ""-d1"" is the default path of your profile, where  <my_profile_name> is, by default “Main Profile."" You'll have to substitute your  actual paths if you have renamed your profile or installed Outlook in a different  location. f. Reindexing will take some time to complete. After the process is complete, exit  and then restart Outlook.    ","outlook mac search display result outlook mac search display result monday, april 23, 2018 2:06 pm spotlight index may corrupted. reindex spotlight index, follow steps: a. b. restart mac, restart spotlight services. navigate finder > applications > utilities > terminal. c. type mdimport -l. d. important: see one instance ""microsoft outlook spotlight importer.mdimporter,"" delete outlook application using, empty trash, restart mac, go back step 1. e. terminal, reindex outlook database use follow command substitute user name <user_name> placeholder: mdimport -g ""/applications/microsoft outlook.app/contents/library/spotlight/microsoft outlook spotlight importer.mdimporter"" -d1 ""/users/<user_name>/library/group containers/ubf8t346g9.office/outlook/outlook 15 profiles/<my_profile_name>"" note command, path ""-g"" default path outlook installation. path ""-d1"" default path profile, <my_profile_name> is, default “main profile."" substitute actual paths rename profile instal outlook different location. f. reindexing take time complete. process complete, exit restart outlook."
273,PLEASE BE SURE TO READ ALL OF THIS EMAIL. TEAMS IS ONLY GRANTED TO ," Tuesday, May 29, 2018 4:25 PM RE  Office 365 Licen... SERVICING USERS WITH APPROVAL FROM MARK MCCOOL OR SUE VERGULDI.","[72, 630, 523, 644]",[249],"PLEASE BE SURE TO READ ALL OF THIS EMAIL. TEAMS IS ONLY GRANTED TO  PLEASE BE SURE TO READ ALL OF THIS EMAIL. TEAMS IS ONLY GRANTED TO  PLEASE BE SURE TO READ ALL OF THIS EMAIL. TEAMS IS ONLY GRANTED TO  PLEASE BE SURE TO READ ALL OF THIS EMAIL. TEAMS IS ONLY GRANTED TO  PLEASE BE SURE TO READ ALL OF THIS EMAIL. TEAMS IS ONLY GRANTED TO  PLEASE BE SURE TO READ ALL OF THIS EMAIL. TEAMS IS ONLY GRANTED TO  PLEASE BE SURE TO READ ALL OF THIS EMAIL. TEAMS IS ONLY GRANTED TO  PLEASE BE SURE TO READ ALL OF THIS EMAIL. TEAMS IS ONLY GRANTED TO  PLEASE BE SURE TO READ ALL OF THIS EMAIL. TEAMS IS ONLY GRANTED TO  PLEASE BE SURE TO READ ALL OF THIS EMAIL. TEAMS IS ONLY GRANTED TO    Tuesday, May 29, 2018 4:25 PM RE  Office 365 Licen... SERVICING USERS WITH APPROVAL FROM MARK MCCOOL OR SUE VERGULDI.","please sure read email. team grant please sure read email. team grant please sure read email. team grant please sure read email. team grant please sure read email. team grant please sure read email. team grant please sure read email. team grant please sure read email. team grant please sure read email. team grant please sure read email. team grant tuesday, may 29, 2018 4:25 pm office 365 licen... service users approval mark mccool sue verguldi.","PLEASE BE SURE TO READ ALL OF THIS EMAIL. TEAMS IS ONLY GRANTED TO  PLEASE BE SURE TO READ ALL OF THIS EMAIL. TEAMS IS ONLY GRANTED TO    Tuesday, May 29, 2018 4:25 PM RE  Office 365 Licen... SERVICING USERS WITH APPROVAL FROM MARK MCCOOL OR SUE VERGULDI.","please sure read email. team grant please sure read email. team grant tuesday, may 29, 2018 4:25 pm office 365 licen... service users approval mark mccool sue verguldi."
274,Page 10," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[605],"Page 10 Page 10 Page 10 Page 10 Page 10 Page 10 Page 10 Page 10 Page 10 Page 10   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","page 10 page 10 page 10 page 10 page 10 page 10 page 10 page 10 page 10 page 10 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:04","Page 10 Page 10   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","page 10 page 10 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:04"
275,Page 11," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[606],"Page 11 Page 11 Page 11 Page 11 Page 11 Page 11 Page 11 Page 11 Page 11 Page 11   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","page 11 page 11 page 11 page 11 page 11 page 11 page 11 page 11 page 11 page 11 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:04","Page 11 Page 11   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","page 11 page 11 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:04"
276,Page 12," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[607],"Page 12 Page 12 Page 12 Page 12 Page 12 Page 12 Page 12 Page 12 Page 12 Page 12   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","page 12 page 12 page 12 page 12 page 12 page 12 page 12 page 12 page 12 page 12 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:04","Page 12 Page 12   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","page 12 page 12 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:04"
277,Page 13," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[608],"Page 13 Page 13 Page 13 Page 13 Page 13 Page 13 Page 13 Page 13 Page 13 Page 13   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","page 13 page 13 page 13 page 13 page 13 page 13 page 13 page 13 page 13 page 13 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:04","Page 13 Page 13   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","page 13 page 13 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:04"
278,Page 14," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[609],"Page 14 Page 14 Page 14 Page 14 Page 14 Page 14 Page 14 Page 14 Page 14 Page 14   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","page 14 page 14 page 14 page 14 page 14 page 14 page 14 page 14 page 14 page 14 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:04","Page 14 Page 14   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","page 14 page 14 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:04"
279,Page 15," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[610],"Page 15 Page 15 Page 15 Page 15 Page 15 Page 15 Page 15 Page 15 Page 15 Page 15   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","page 15 page 15 page 15 page 15 page 15 page 15 page 15 page 15 page 15 page 15 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:04","Page 15 Page 15   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","page 15 page 15 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:04"
280,Page 16," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[611],"Page 16 Page 16 Page 16 Page 16 Page 16 Page 16 Page 16 Page 16 Page 16 Page 16   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 16 page 16 page 16 page 16 page 16 page 16 page 16 page 16 page 16 page 16 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 16 Page 16   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 16 page 16 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
281,Page 17," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[612],"Page 17 Page 17 Page 17 Page 17 Page 17 Page 17 Page 17 Page 17 Page 17 Page 17   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 17 page 17 page 17 page 17 page 17 page 17 page 17 page 17 page 17 page 17 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 17 Page 17   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 17 page 17 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
282,Page 18," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[613],"Page 18 Page 18 Page 18 Page 18 Page 18 Page 18 Page 18 Page 18 Page 18 Page 18   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 18 page 18 page 18 page 18 page 18 page 18 page 18 page 18 page 18 page 18 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 18 Page 18   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 18 page 18 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
283,Page 19," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[614],"Page 19 Page 19 Page 19 Page 19 Page 19 Page 19 Page 19 Page 19 Page 19 Page 19   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 19 page 19 page 19 page 19 page 19 page 19 page 19 page 19 page 19 page 19 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 19 Page 19   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 19 page 19 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
284,Page 2," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[597],"Page 2 Page 2 Page 2 Page 2 Page 2 Page 2 Page 2 Page 2 Page 2 Page 2   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","page 2 page 2 page 2 page 2 page 2 page 2 page 2 page 2 page 2 page 2 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:04","Page 2 Page 2   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","page 2 page 2 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:04"
285,Page 20," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[615],"Page 20 Page 20 Page 20 Page 20 Page 20 Page 20 Page 20 Page 20 Page 20 Page 20   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 20 page 20 page 20 page 20 page 20 page 20 page 20 page 20 page 20 page 20 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 20 Page 20   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 20 page 20 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
286,Page 21," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[616],"Page 21 Page 21 Page 21 Page 21 Page 21 Page 21 Page 21 Page 21 Page 21 Page 21   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 21 page 21 page 21 page 21 page 21 page 21 page 21 page 21 page 21 page 21 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 21 Page 21   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 21 page 21 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
287,Page 22," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[617],"Page 22 Page 22 Page 22 Page 22 Page 22 Page 22 Page 22 Page 22 Page 22 Page 22   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 22 page 22 page 22 page 22 page 22 page 22 page 22 page 22 page 22 page 22 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 22 Page 22   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 22 page 22 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
288,Page 23," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[618],"Page 23 Page 23 Page 23 Page 23 Page 23 Page 23 Page 23 Page 23 Page 23 Page 23   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 23 page 23 page 23 page 23 page 23 page 23 page 23 page 23 page 23 page 23 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 23 Page 23   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 23 page 23 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
289,Page 24," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[619],"Page 24 Page 24 Page 24 Page 24 Page 24 Page 24 Page 24 Page 24 Page 24 Page 24   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 24 page 24 page 24 page 24 page 24 page 24 page 24 page 24 page 24 page 24 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 24 Page 24   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 24 page 24 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
290,Page 25," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[620],"Page 25 Page 25 Page 25 Page 25 Page 25 Page 25 Page 25 Page 25 Page 25 Page 25   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 25 page 25 page 25 page 25 page 25 page 25 page 25 page 25 page 25 page 25 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 25 Page 25   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 25 page 25 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
291,Page 26," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[621],"Page 26 Page 26 Page 26 Page 26 Page 26 Page 26 Page 26 Page 26 Page 26 Page 26   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 26 page 26 page 26 page 26 page 26 page 26 page 26 page 26 page 26 page 26 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 26 Page 26   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 26 page 26 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
292,Page 27," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[622],"Page 27 Page 27 Page 27 Page 27 Page 27 Page 27 Page 27 Page 27 Page 27 Page 27   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 27 page 27 page 27 page 27 page 27 page 27 page 27 page 27 page 27 page 27 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 27 Page 27   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 27 page 27 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
293,Page 28," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[623],"Page 28 Page 28 Page 28 Page 28 Page 28 Page 28 Page 28 Page 28 Page 28 Page 28   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 28 page 28 page 28 page 28 page 28 page 28 page 28 page 28 page 28 page 28 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 28 Page 28   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 28 page 28 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
294,Page 29," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[624],"Page 29 Page 29 Page 29 Page 29 Page 29 Page 29 Page 29 Page 29 Page 29 Page 29   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 29 page 29 page 29 page 29 page 29 page 29 page 29 page 29 page 29 page 29 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 29 Page 29   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 29 page 29 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
295,Page 3," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[598],"Page 3 Page 3 Page 3 Page 3 Page 3 Page 3 Page 3 Page 3 Page 3 Page 3   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","page 3 page 3 page 3 page 3 page 3 page 3 page 3 page 3 page 3 page 3 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:04","Page 3 Page 3   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","page 3 page 3 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:04"
296,Page 30," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[625],"Page 30 Page 30 Page 30 Page 30 Page 30 Page 30 Page 30 Page 30 Page 30 Page 30   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 30 page 30 page 30 page 30 page 30 page 30 page 30 page 30 page 30 page 30 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 30 Page 30   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 30 page 30 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
297,Page 31," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[626],"Page 31 Page 31 Page 31 Page 31 Page 31 Page 31 Page 31 Page 31 Page 31 Page 31   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 31 page 31 page 31 page 31 page 31 page 31 page 31 page 31 page 31 page 31 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 31 Page 31   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 31 page 31 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
298,Page 32," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[627],"Page 32 Page 32 Page 32 Page 32 Page 32 Page 32 Page 32 Page 32 Page 32 Page 32   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 32 page 32 page 32 page 32 page 32 page 32 page 32 page 32 page 32 page 32 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 32 Page 32   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 32 page 32 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
299,Page 33," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[628],"Page 33 Page 33 Page 33 Page 33 Page 33 Page 33 Page 33 Page 33 Page 33 Page 33   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 33 page 33 page 33 page 33 page 33 page 33 page 33 page 33 page 33 page 33 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 33 Page 33   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 33 page 33 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
300,Page 34," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[629],"Page 34 Page 34 Page 34 Page 34 Page 34 Page 34 Page 34 Page 34 Page 34 Page 34   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 34 page 34 page 34 page 34 page 34 page 34 page 34 page 34 page 34 page 34 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 34 Page 34   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 34 page 34 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
301,Page 35," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[630],"Page 35 Page 35 Page 35 Page 35 Page 35 Page 35 Page 35 Page 35 Page 35 Page 35   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 35 page 35 page 35 page 35 page 35 page 35 page 35 page 35 page 35 page 35 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 35 Page 35   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 35 page 35 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
302,Page 36," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[631],"Page 36 Page 36 Page 36 Page 36 Page 36 Page 36 Page 36 Page 36 Page 36 Page 36   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 36 page 36 page 36 page 36 page 36 page 36 page 36 page 36 page 36 page 36 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 36 Page 36   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 36 page 36 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
303,Page 37," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[632],"Page 37 Page 37 Page 37 Page 37 Page 37 Page 37 Page 37 Page 37 Page 37 Page 37   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 37 page 37 page 37 page 37 page 37 page 37 page 37 page 37 page 37 page 37 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 37 Page 37   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 37 page 37 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
304,Page 38," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[633],"Page 38 Page 38 Page 38 Page 38 Page 38 Page 38 Page 38 Page 38 Page 38 Page 38   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 38 page 38 page 38 page 38 page 38 page 38 page 38 page 38 page 38 page 38 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 38 Page 38   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 38 page 38 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
305,Page 39," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[634],"Page 39 Page 39 Page 39 Page 39 Page 39 Page 39 Page 39 Page 39 Page 39 Page 39   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 39 page 39 page 39 page 39 page 39 page 39 page 39 page 39 page 39 page 39 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 39 Page 39   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 39 page 39 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
306,Page 4," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[599],"Page 4 Page 4 Page 4 Page 4 Page 4 Page 4 Page 4 Page 4 Page 4 Page 4   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","page 4 page 4 page 4 page 4 page 4 page 4 page 4 page 4 page 4 page 4 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:04","Page 4 Page 4   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","page 4 page 4 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:04"
307,Page 40," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[635],"Page 40 Page 40 Page 40 Page 40 Page 40 Page 40 Page 40 Page 40 Page 40 Page 40   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 40 page 40 page 40 page 40 page 40 page 40 page 40 page 40 page 40 page 40 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 40 Page 40   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 40 page 40 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
308,Page 41," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[636],"Page 41 Page 41 Page 41 Page 41 Page 41 Page 41 Page 41 Page 41 Page 41 Page 41   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 41 page 41 page 41 page 41 page 41 page 41 page 41 page 41 page 41 page 41 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 41 Page 41   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 41 page 41 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
309,Page 42," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[637],"Page 42 Page 42 Page 42 Page 42 Page 42 Page 42 Page 42 Page 42 Page 42 Page 42   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 42 page 42 page 42 page 42 page 42 page 42 page 42 page 42 page 42 page 42 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 42 Page 42   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 42 page 42 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
310,Page 43," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[638],"Page 43 Page 43 Page 43 Page 43 Page 43 Page 43 Page 43 Page 43 Page 43 Page 43   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 43 page 43 page 43 page 43 page 43 page 43 page 43 page 43 page 43 page 43 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 43 Page 43   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 43 page 43 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
311,Page 44," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[639],"Page 44 Page 44 Page 44 Page 44 Page 44 Page 44 Page 44 Page 44 Page 44 Page 44   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 44 page 44 page 44 page 44 page 44 page 44 page 44 page 44 page 44 page 44 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 44 Page 44   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 44 page 44 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
312,Page 45," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[640],"Page 45 Page 45 Page 45 Page 45 Page 45 Page 45 Page 45 Page 45 Page 45 Page 45   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 45 page 45 page 45 page 45 page 45 page 45 page 45 page 45 page 45 page 45 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 45 Page 45   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 45 page 45 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
313,Page 46," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[641],"Page 46 Page 46 Page 46 Page 46 Page 46 Page 46 Page 46 Page 46 Page 46 Page 46   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 46 page 46 page 46 page 46 page 46 page 46 page 46 page 46 page 46 page 46 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 46 Page 46   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 46 page 46 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
314,Page 47," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[642],"Page 47 Page 47 Page 47 Page 47 Page 47 Page 47 Page 47 Page 47 Page 47 Page 47   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 47 page 47 page 47 page 47 page 47 page 47 page 47 page 47 page 47 page 47 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 47 Page 47   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 47 page 47 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
315,Page 48," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[643],"Page 48 Page 48 Page 48 Page 48 Page 48 Page 48 Page 48 Page 48 Page 48 Page 48   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 48 page 48 page 48 page 48 page 48 page 48 page 48 page 48 page 48 page 48 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 48 Page 48   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 48 page 48 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
316,Page 49," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[644],"Page 49 Page 49 Page 49 Page 49 Page 49 Page 49 Page 49 Page 49 Page 49 Page 49   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 49 page 49 page 49 page 49 page 49 page 49 page 49 page 49 page 49 page 49 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 49 Page 49   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 49 page 49 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
317,Page 5," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[600],"Page 5 Page 5 Page 5 Page 5 Page 5 Page 5 Page 5 Page 5 Page 5 Page 5   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","page 5 page 5 page 5 page 5 page 5 page 5 page 5 page 5 page 5 page 5 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:04","Page 5 Page 5   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","page 5 page 5 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:04"
318,Page 50," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[645],"Page 50 Page 50 Page 50 Page 50 Page 50 Page 50 Page 50 Page 50 Page 50 Page 50   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 50 page 50 page 50 page 50 page 50 page 50 page 50 page 50 page 50 page 50 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 50 Page 50   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 50 page 50 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
319,Page 51," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[646],"Page 51 Page 51 Page 51 Page 51 Page 51 Page 51 Page 51 Page 51 Page 51 Page 51   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 51 page 51 page 51 page 51 page 51 page 51 page 51 page 51 page 51 page 51 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 51 Page 51   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 51 page 51 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
320,Page 52," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[647],"Page 52 Page 52 Page 52 Page 52 Page 52 Page 52 Page 52 Page 52 Page 52 Page 52   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 52 page 52 page 52 page 52 page 52 page 52 page 52 page 52 page 52 page 52 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 52 Page 52   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 52 page 52 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
321,Page 53," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[648],"Page 53 Page 53 Page 53 Page 53 Page 53 Page 53 Page 53 Page 53 Page 53 Page 53   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 53 page 53 page 53 page 53 page 53 page 53 page 53 page 53 page 53 page 53 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 53 Page 53   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 53 page 53 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
322,Page 54," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[649],"Page 54 Page 54 Page 54 Page 54 Page 54 Page 54 Page 54 Page 54 Page 54 Page 54   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 54 page 54 page 54 page 54 page 54 page 54 page 54 page 54 page 54 page 54 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05","Page 54 Page 54   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:05 AM    ","page 54 page 54 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:05"
323,Page 6," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[601],"Page 6 Page 6 Page 6 Page 6 Page 6 Page 6 Page 6 Page 6 Page 6 Page 6   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","page 6 page 6 page 6 page 6 page 6 page 6 page 6 page 6 page 6 page 6 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:04","Page 6 Page 6   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","page 6 page 6 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:04"
324,Page 7," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[602],"Page 7 Page 7 Page 7 Page 7 Page 7 Page 7 Page 7 Page 7 Page 7 Page 7   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","page 7 page 7 page 7 page 7 page 7 page 7 page 7 page 7 page 7 page 7 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:04","Page 7 Page 7   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","page 7 page 7 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:04"
325,Page 8," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[603],"Page 8 Page 8 Page 8 Page 8 Page 8 Page 8 Page 8 Page 8 Page 8 Page 8   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","page 8 page 8 page 8 page 8 page 8 page 8 page 8 page 8 page 8 page 8 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:04","Page 8 Page 8   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","page 8 page 8 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:04"
326,Page 9," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","[62, 2, 144, 779]",[604],"Page 9 Page 9 Page 9 Page 9 Page 9 Page 9 Page 9 Page 9 Page 9 Page 9   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","page 9 page 9 page 9 page 9 page 9 page 9 page 9 page 9 page 9 page 9 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:04","Page 9 Page 9   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM    ","page 9 page 9 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:04"
327,Parts & Supplies," Tuesday, March 6, 2018 9:42 AM Toners from color model 7855 will work in the new color 8055 AltaLink model The drum cartridge, part # 013R00662 that fit the color 7855 will fit the new color devices. Drum Cartridge    ","[72, 0, 168, 775]",[1064],"Parts & Supplies Parts & Supplies Parts & Supplies Parts & Supplies Parts & Supplies Parts & Supplies Parts & Supplies Parts & Supplies Parts & Supplies Parts & Supplies   Tuesday, March 6, 2018 9:42 AM Toners from color model 7855 will work in the new color 8055 AltaLink model The drum cartridge, part # 013R00662 that fit the color 7855 will fit the new color devices. Drum Cartridge    ","part & supply part & supply part & supply part & supply part & supply part & supply part & supply part & supply part & supply part & supply tuesday, march 6, 2018 9:42 toners color model 7855 work new color 8055 altalink model drum cartridge, part # 013r00662 fit color 7855 fit new color devices. drum cartridge","Parts & Supplies Parts & Supplies   Tuesday, March 6, 2018 9:42 AM Toners from color model 7855 will work in the new color 8055 AltaLink model The drum cartridge, part # 013R00662 that fit the color 7855 will fit the new color devices. Drum Cartridge    ","part & supply part & supply tuesday, march 6, 2018 9:42 toners color model 7855 work new color 8055 altalink model drum cartridge, part # 013r00662 fit color 7855 fit new color devices. drum cartridge"
328,Persistent Font Install Permission," Monday, May 14, 2018 9:12 AM Special users such as those from the Pre-design team works with Fonts on a daily basis and require install permission. Currently there is no GPO specifically for font install privilege but there is a workaround method. Please follow the  instruction below provided by Steve Shockley from Security: FW Font Installatio... Open command prompt as admin attrib -r -s ""%systemroot%\Fonts"" takeown /f ""%systemroot%\fonts"" /r /d n /a icacls ""%systemroot%\fonts"" /grant Users:M /t icacls ""%systemroot%\system32\FNTCACHE.dat"" /grant Users:M /t subinacl /keyreg ""HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Microsoft\Windows NT\CurrentVersion\Fonts""  /grant=""Users""=F %windir%\System32\reg.exe ADD HKLM\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Policies \System /v EnableLUA /t REG_DWORD /d 0 /f REBOOT Have the user try installing a font and see if it works. Please only perform these steps on machines where users need to  install fonts frequently.    ","[69, 0, 160, 776]",[205],"Persistent Font Install Permission Persistent Font Install Permission Persistent Font Install Permission Persistent Font Install Permission Persistent Font Install Permission Persistent Font Install Permission Persistent Font Install Permission Persistent Font Install Permission Persistent Font Install Permission Persistent Font Install Permission   Monday, May 14, 2018 9:12 AM Special users such as those from the Pre-design team works with Fonts on a daily basis and require install permission. Currently there is no GPO specifically for font install privilege but there is a workaround method. Please follow the  instruction below provided by Steve Shockley from Security: FW Font Installatio... Open command prompt as admin attrib -r -s ""%systemroot%\Fonts"" takeown /f ""%systemroot%\fonts"" /r /d n /a icacls ""%systemroot%\fonts"" /grant Users:M /t icacls ""%systemroot%\system32\FNTCACHE.dat"" /grant Users:M /t subinacl /keyreg ""HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Microsoft\Windows NT\CurrentVersion\Fonts""  /grant=""Users""=F %windir%\System32\reg.exe ADD HKLM\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Policies \System /v EnableLUA /t REG_DWORD /d 0 /f REBOOT Have the user try installing a font and see if it works. Please only perform these steps on machines where users need to  install fonts frequently.    ","persistent font install permission persistent font install permission persistent font install permission persistent font install permission persistent font install permission persistent font install permission persistent font install permission persistent font install permission persistent font install permission persistent font install permission monday, may 14, 2018 9:12 special users pre-design team work fonts daily basis require install permission. currently gpo specifically font install privilege workaround method. please follow instruction provide steve shockley security: fw font installatio... open command prompt admin attrib -r -s ""%systemroot%\fonts"" takeown /f ""%systemroot%\fonts"" /r /d n /a icacls ""%systemroot%\fonts"" /grant users:m /t icacls ""%systemroot%\system32\fntcache.dat"" /grant users:m /t subinacl /keyreg ""hkey_local_machine\software\microsoft\windows nt\currentversion\fonts"" /grant=""users""=f %windir%\system32\reg.exe add hklm\software\microsoft\windows\currentversion\policies \system /v enablelua /t reg_dword /d 0 /f reboot user try instal font see works. please perform step machine users need install fonts frequently.","Persistent Font Install Permission Persistent Font Install Permission   Monday, May 14, 2018 9:12 AM Special users such as those from the Pre-design team works with Fonts on a daily basis and require install permission. Currently there is no GPO specifically for font install privilege but there is a workaround method. Please follow the  instruction below provided by Steve Shockley from Security: FW Font Installatio... Open command prompt as admin attrib -r -s ""%systemroot%\Fonts"" takeown /f ""%systemroot%\fonts"" /r /d n /a icacls ""%systemroot%\fonts"" /grant Users:M /t icacls ""%systemroot%\system32\FNTCACHE.dat"" /grant Users:M /t subinacl /keyreg ""HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Microsoft\Windows NT\CurrentVersion\Fonts""  /grant=""Users""=F %windir%\System32\reg.exe ADD HKLM\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Policies \System /v EnableLUA /t REG_DWORD /d 0 /f REBOOT Have the user try installing a font and see if it works. Please only perform these steps on machines where users need to  install fonts frequently.    ","persistent font install permission persistent font install permission monday, may 14, 2018 9:12 special users pre-design team work fonts daily basis require install permission. currently gpo specifically font install privilege workaround method. please follow instruction provide steve shockley security: fw font installatio... open command prompt admin attrib -r -s ""%systemroot%\fonts"" takeown /f ""%systemroot%\fonts"" /r /d n /a icacls ""%systemroot%\fonts"" /grant users:m /t icacls ""%systemroot%\system32\fntcache.dat"" /grant users:m /t subinacl /keyreg ""hkey_local_machine\software\microsoft\windows nt\currentversion\fonts"" /grant=""users""=f %windir%\system32\reg.exe add hklm\software\microsoft\windows\currentversion\policies \system /v enablelua /t reg_dword /d 0 /f reboot user try instal font see works. please perform step machine users need install fonts frequently."
329,Personal Contacts not showing," Thursday, April 23, 2015 12:06 PM","[72, 769, 229, 779]",[348],"Personal Contacts not showing Personal Contacts not showing Personal Contacts not showing Personal Contacts not showing Personal Contacts not showing Personal Contacts not showing Personal Contacts not showing Personal Contacts not showing Personal Contacts not showing Personal Contacts not showing   Thursday, April 23, 2015 12:06 PM","personal contact show personal contact show personal contact show personal contact show personal contact show personal contact show personal contact show personal contact show personal contact show personal contact show thursday, april 23, 2015 12:06 pm","Personal Contacts not showing Personal Contacts not showing   Thursday, April 23, 2015 12:06 PM","personal contact show personal contact show thursday, april 23, 2015 12:06 pm"
330,Philadelphia Office Info," Monday, July 23, 2018 9:12 AM Three Logan Square 1717 Arch St. Suite 1410 Philadelphia, PA 19103  Office is on the 14th floor suite of Three Logan Square commercial building. If you are driving, the  underground parking garage is on Cherry St. on the right along Ben Franklin Pkwy before N 17th St.    ","[72, 0, 162, 775]",[844],"Philadelphia Office Info Philadelphia Office Info Philadelphia Office Info Philadelphia Office Info Philadelphia Office Info Philadelphia Office Info Philadelphia Office Info Philadelphia Office Info Philadelphia Office Info Philadelphia Office Info   Monday, July 23, 2018 9:12 AM Three Logan Square 1717 Arch St. Suite 1410 Philadelphia, PA 19103  Office is on the 14th floor suite of Three Logan Square commercial building. If you are driving, the  underground parking garage is on Cherry St. on the right along Ben Franklin Pkwy before N 17th St.    ","philadelphia office info philadelphia office info philadelphia office info philadelphia office info philadelphia office info philadelphia office info philadelphia office info philadelphia office info philadelphia office info philadelphia office info monday, july 23, 2018 9:12 three logan square 1717 arch st. suite 1410 philadelphia, pa 19103 office 14th floor suite three logan square commercial building. driving, underground park garage cherry st. right along ben franklin pkwy n 17th st.","Philadelphia Office Info Philadelphia Office Info   Monday, July 23, 2018 9:12 AM Three Logan Square 1717 Arch St. Suite 1410 Philadelphia, PA 19103  Office is on the 14th floor suite of Three Logan Square commercial building. If you are driving, the  underground parking garage is on Cherry St. on the right along Ben Franklin Pkwy before N 17th St.    ","philadelphia office info philadelphia office info monday, july 23, 2018 9:12 three logan square 1717 arch st. suite 1410 philadelphia, pa 19103 office 14th floor suite three logan square commercial building. driving, underground park garage cherry st. right along ben franklin pkwy n 17th st."
331,Phoenix Loaner Inventory," Friday, August 25, 2017 3:13 PM S/N Name Model User Assigned To Date Sent Tech that Shipped    ","[72, 0, 167, 775]",[1129],"Phoenix Loaner Inventory Phoenix Loaner Inventory Phoenix Loaner Inventory Phoenix Loaner Inventory Phoenix Loaner Inventory Phoenix Loaner Inventory Phoenix Loaner Inventory Phoenix Loaner Inventory Phoenix Loaner Inventory Phoenix Loaner Inventory   Friday, August 25, 2017 3:13 PM S/N Name Model User Assigned To Date Sent Tech that Shipped    ","phoenix loaner inventory phoenix loaner inventory phoenix loaner inventory phoenix loaner inventory phoenix loaner inventory phoenix loaner inventory phoenix loaner inventory phoenix loaner inventory phoenix loaner inventory phoenix loaner inventory friday, august 25, 2017 3:13 pm s/n name model user assign date send tech ship","Phoenix Loaner Inventory Phoenix Loaner Inventory   Friday, August 25, 2017 3:13 PM S/N Name Model User Assigned To Date Sent Tech that Shipped    ","phoenix loaner inventory phoenix loaner inventory friday, august 25, 2017 3:13 pm s/n name model user assign date send tech ship"
332,Polaris Team," Monday, July 10, 2017 9:25 AM Right now there are three Polaris team members who share a small room in the ""new"" space. They  will be moving to the ""newer"" space in Phase II.         ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[861, 862]","Polaris Team Polaris Team Polaris Team Polaris Team Polaris Team Polaris Team Polaris Team Polaris Team Polaris Team Polaris Team   Monday, July 10, 2017 9:25 AM Right now there are three Polaris team members who share a small room in the ""new"" space. They  will be moving to the ""newer"" space in Phase II.         ","polaris team polaris team polaris team polaris team polaris team polaris team polaris team polaris team polaris team polaris team monday, july 10, 2017 9:25 right three polaris team members share small room ""new"" space. move ""newer"" space phase ii.","Polaris Team Polaris Team   Monday, July 10, 2017 9:25 AM Right now there are three Polaris team members who share a small room in the ""new"" space. They  will be moving to the ""newer"" space in Phase II.         ","polaris team polaris team monday, july 10, 2017 9:25 right three polaris team members share small room ""new"" space. move ""newer"" space phase ii."
333,PowerBuilder Accessibility Error," Tuesday, June 26, 2018 3:35 PM PBACC125 This error can pop up when some user try to log in Strategy and abruptly kick the user out shortly. To fix this, put the PBACC125.dll file in C:\Program Files (x86)\IBM\Client Access Ref: BIT430808    ","[72, 0, 166, 775]",[406],"PowerBuilder Accessibility Error PowerBuilder Accessibility Error PowerBuilder Accessibility Error PowerBuilder Accessibility Error PowerBuilder Accessibility Error PowerBuilder Accessibility Error PowerBuilder Accessibility Error PowerBuilder Accessibility Error PowerBuilder Accessibility Error PowerBuilder Accessibility Error   Tuesday, June 26, 2018 3:35 PM PBACC125 This error can pop up when some user try to log in Strategy and abruptly kick the user out shortly. To fix this, put the PBACC125.dll file in C:\Program Files (x86)\IBM\Client Access Ref: BIT430808    ","powerbuilder accessibility error powerbuilder accessibility error powerbuilder accessibility error powerbuilder accessibility error powerbuilder accessibility error powerbuilder accessibility error powerbuilder accessibility error powerbuilder accessibility error powerbuilder accessibility error powerbuilder accessibility error tuesday, june 26, 2018 3:35 pm pbacc125 error pop user try log strategy abruptly kick user shortly. fix this, put pbacc125.dll file c:\program file (x86)\ibm\client access ref: bit430808","PowerBuilder Accessibility Error PowerBuilder Accessibility Error   Tuesday, June 26, 2018 3:35 PM PBACC125 This error can pop up when some user try to log in Strategy and abruptly kick the user out shortly. To fix this, put the PBACC125.dll file in C:\Program Files (x86)\IBM\Client Access Ref: BIT430808    ","powerbuilder accessibility error powerbuilder accessibility error tuesday, june 26, 2018 3:35 pm pbacc125 error pop user try log strategy abruptly kick user shortly. fix this, put pbacc125.dll file c:\program file (x86)\ibm\client access ref: bit430808"
334,Powershell," mercoledì 15 giugno 2016 11:10 Powershell Before Running powershell To run some of our custom powershell commands, such as get-mailboxsize, you have to install our profile. To do this, go retrieve the custom PowerShell profile to be on your local machine. If it isn't, copy profile.ps1 from  \\gmaccm.com\WDS\Scripts\PowerShell to C:\Windows\System32\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0 AND C:\Windows \SysWOW64\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0 To connect to exchange, make sure you open powershell on your desktop(Not the Exchange Powershell) with  your -adm account. Run connect-exchangeremotely and you should see a screen like this. Once like this, you can start running  powershell commands. If you do not connect to the exchange server, none of the tasks or commandlets listed in  the one note documents will work properly. Here are some basic powershell commands to get you started. You can probably find some more online if  necessary. Anywhere listed with Blue is the portion you will have to change based off of the Quantity, user or etc.  I'd highly encourage you to read the commandlets in technet before modifying.  Set individual mailbox limits Set-Mailbox username -IssueWarningQuota 750MB -ProhibitSendQuota 900MB -ProhibitSendReceiveQuota  unlimited -UseDatabaseQuotaDefaults $false Set Archive Limits Set-Mailbox username -ArchiveWarningQuota 20GB -ArchiveQuota 25GB Check mailbox limits (quick,)      Check mailbox limits (quick,) Get-MailboxSize username Check Archive mailbox limits (quick,) Get-MailboxSize username   -archive connect  Check Archive mailbox limits Get-Mailbox username | fl Name, Archive*Quota To Add Mailbox Rights Add-MailboxPermission -Identity accesstouser -User useraccessing -AccessRights FullAccess  Send Permissions Get-User accesstouser | Add-ADPermission -User useraccessing -ExtendedRights Send-As  To Remove Mailbox Rights Remove-MailboxPermission -Identity accesstouser -User useraccessing -AccessRights FullAccess  Send Permissions Get-User accesstouser | Remove-ADPermission -User useraccessing -ExtendedRights Send-As  To Get  Mailbox Rights Get-MailboxPermission accesstouser | ? {$_.User -match ""useraccessing""}  Send Rights   Get-User accesstouser | Get-ADPermission | ? {$_.User -match ""useraccessing""}  Archive Retention Policy Set Retention set-mailbox (username here) -retentionpolicy ""1 month archive""    ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[253, 254]","Powershell Powershell Powershell Powershell Powershell Powershell Powershell Powershell Powershell Powershell   mercoledì 15 giugno 2016 11:10 Powershell Before Running powershell To run some of our custom powershell commands, such as get-mailboxsize, you have to install our profile. To do this, go retrieve the custom PowerShell profile to be on your local machine. If it isn't, copy profile.ps1 from  \\gmaccm.com\WDS\Scripts\PowerShell to C:\Windows\System32\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0 AND C:\Windows \SysWOW64\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0 To connect to exchange, make sure you open powershell on your desktop(Not the Exchange Powershell) with  your -adm account. Run connect-exchangeremotely and you should see a screen like this. Once like this, you can start running  powershell commands. If you do not connect to the exchange server, none of the tasks or commandlets listed in  the one note documents will work properly. Here are some basic powershell commands to get you started. You can probably find some more online if  necessary. Anywhere listed with Blue is the portion you will have to change based off of the Quantity, user or etc.  I'd highly encourage you to read the commandlets in technet before modifying.  Set individual mailbox limits Set-Mailbox username -IssueWarningQuota 750MB -ProhibitSendQuota 900MB -ProhibitSendReceiveQuota  unlimited -UseDatabaseQuotaDefaults $false Set Archive Limits Set-Mailbox username -ArchiveWarningQuota 20GB -ArchiveQuota 25GB Check mailbox limits (quick,)      Check mailbox limits (quick,) Get-MailboxSize username Check Archive mailbox limits (quick,) Get-MailboxSize username   -archive connect  Check Archive mailbox limits Get-Mailbox username | fl Name, Archive*Quota To Add Mailbox Rights Add-MailboxPermission -Identity accesstouser -User useraccessing -AccessRights FullAccess  Send Permissions Get-User accesstouser | Add-ADPermission -User useraccessing -ExtendedRights Send-As  To Remove Mailbox Rights Remove-MailboxPermission -Identity accesstouser -User useraccessing -AccessRights FullAccess  Send Permissions Get-User accesstouser | Remove-ADPermission -User useraccessing -ExtendedRights Send-As  To Get  Mailbox Rights Get-MailboxPermission accesstouser | ? {$_.User -match ""useraccessing""}  Send Rights   Get-User accesstouser | Get-ADPermission | ? {$_.User -match ""useraccessing""}  Archive Retention Policy Set Retention set-mailbox (username here) -retentionpolicy ""1 month archive""    ","powershell powershell powershell powershell powershell powershell powershell powershell powershell powershell mercoledì 15 giugno 2016 11:10 powershell run powershell run custom powershell commands, get-mailboxsize, install profile. this, go retrieve custom powershell profile local machine. isn't, copy profile.ps1 \\gmaccm.com\wds\scripts\powershell c:\windows\system32\windowspowershell\v1.0 c:\windows \syswow64\windowspowershell\v1.0 connect exchange, make sure open powershell desktop(not exchange powershell) -adm account. run connect-exchangeremotely see screen like this. like this, start run powershell commands. connect exchange server, none task commandlets list one note document work properly. basic powershell command get started. probably find online necessary. anywhere list blue portion change base quantity, user etc. i'd highly encourage read commandlets technet modifying. set individual mailbox limit set-mailbox username -issuewarningquota 750mb -prohibitsendquota 900mb -prohibitsendreceivequota unlimited -usedatabasequotadefaults $false set archive limit set-mailbox username -archivewarningquota 20gb -archivequota 25gb check mailbox limit (quick,) check mailbox limit (quick,) get-mailboxsize username check archive mailbox limit (quick,) get-mailboxsize username -archive connect check archive mailbox limit get-mailbox username | fl name, archive*quota add mailbox right add-mailboxpermission -identity accesstouser -user useraccessing -accessrights fullaccess send permissions get-user accesstouser | add-adpermission -user useraccessing -extendedrights send-as remove mailbox right remove-mailboxpermission -identity accesstouser -user useraccessing -accessrights fullaccess send permissions get-user accesstouser | remove-adpermission -user useraccessing -extendedrights send-as get mailbox right get-mailboxpermission accesstouser |  {$_.user -match ""useraccessing""} send right get-user accesstouser | get-adpermission |  {$_.user -match ""useraccessing""} archive retention policy set retention set-mailbox (username here) -retentionpolicy ""1 month archive""","Powershell Powershell   mercoledì 15 giugno 2016 11:10 Powershell Before Running powershell To run some of our custom powershell commands, such as get-mailboxsize, you have to install our profile. To do this, go retrieve the custom PowerShell profile to be on your local machine. If it isn't, copy profile.ps1 from  \\gmaccm.com\WDS\Scripts\PowerShell to C:\Windows\System32\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0 AND C:\Windows \SysWOW64\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0 To connect to exchange, make sure you open powershell on your desktop(Not the Exchange Powershell) with  your -adm account. Run connect-exchangeremotely and you should see a screen like this. Once like this, you can start running  powershell commands. If you do not connect to the exchange server, none of the tasks or commandlets listed in  the one note documents will work properly. Here are some basic powershell commands to get you started. You can probably find some more online if  necessary. Anywhere listed with Blue is the portion you will have to change based off of the Quantity, user or etc.  I'd highly encourage you to read the commandlets in technet before modifying.  Set individual mailbox limits Set-Mailbox username -IssueWarningQuota 750MB -ProhibitSendQuota 900MB -ProhibitSendReceiveQuota  unlimited -UseDatabaseQuotaDefaults $false Set Archive Limits Set-Mailbox username -ArchiveWarningQuota 20GB -ArchiveQuota 25GB Check mailbox limits (quick,)      Check mailbox limits (quick,) Get-MailboxSize username Check Archive mailbox limits (quick,) Get-MailboxSize username   -archive connect  Check Archive mailbox limits Get-Mailbox username | fl Name, Archive*Quota To Add Mailbox Rights Add-MailboxPermission -Identity accesstouser -User useraccessing -AccessRights FullAccess  Send Permissions Get-User accesstouser | Add-ADPermission -User useraccessing -ExtendedRights Send-As  To Remove Mailbox Rights Remove-MailboxPermission -Identity accesstouser -User useraccessing -AccessRights FullAccess  Send Permissions Get-User accesstouser | Remove-ADPermission -User useraccessing -ExtendedRights Send-As  To Get  Mailbox Rights Get-MailboxPermission accesstouser | ? {$_.User -match ""useraccessing""}  Send Rights   Get-User accesstouser | Get-ADPermission | ? {$_.User -match ""useraccessing""}  Archive Retention Policy Set Retention set-mailbox (username here) -retentionpolicy ""1 month archive""    ","powershell powershell mercoledì 15 giugno 2016 11:10 powershell run powershell run custom powershell commands, get-mailboxsize, install profile. this, go retrieve custom powershell profile local machine. isn't, copy profile.ps1 \\gmaccm.com\wds\scripts\powershell c:\windows\system32\windowspowershell\v1.0 c:\windows \syswow64\windowspowershell\v1.0 connect exchange, make sure open powershell desktop(not exchange powershell) -adm account. run connect-exchangeremotely see screen like this. like this, start run powershell commands. connect exchange server, none task commandlets list one note document work properly. basic powershell command get started. probably find online necessary. anywhere list blue portion change base quantity, user etc. i'd highly encourage read commandlets technet modifying. set individual mailbox limit set-mailbox username -issuewarningquota 750mb -prohibitsendquota 900mb -prohibitsendreceivequota unlimited -usedatabasequotadefaults $false set archive limit set-mailbox username -archivewarningquota 20gb -archivequota 25gb check mailbox limit (quick,) check mailbox limit (quick,) get-mailboxsize username check archive mailbox limit (quick,) get-mailboxsize username -archive connect check archive mailbox limit get-mailbox username | fl name, archive*quota add mailbox right add-mailboxpermission -identity accesstouser -user useraccessing -accessrights fullaccess send permissions get-user accesstouser | add-adpermission -user useraccessing -extendedrights send-as remove mailbox right remove-mailboxpermission -identity accesstouser -user useraccessing -accessrights fullaccess send permissions get-user accesstouser | remove-adpermission -user useraccessing -extendedrights send-as get mailbox right get-mailboxpermission accesstouser |  {$_.user -match ""useraccessing""} send right get-user accesstouser | get-adpermission |  {$_.user -match ""useraccessing""} archive retention policy set retention set-mailbox (username here) -retentionpolicy ""1 month archive"""
335,Powershell usage for AD management," Friday, March 2, 2018 8:30 AM Some useful commands to be sorted: Get-ADDefaultDomainPasswordPolicy From <https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/heyscriptingguy/2014/01/09/use-powershell-to-get-account-lockout-and- password-policy/>     ","[72, 0, 160, 775]",[224],"Powershell usage for AD management Powershell usage for AD management Powershell usage for AD management Powershell usage for AD management Powershell usage for AD management Powershell usage for AD management Powershell usage for AD management Powershell usage for AD management Powershell usage for AD management Powershell usage for AD management   Friday, March 2, 2018 8:30 AM Some useful commands to be sorted: Get-ADDefaultDomainPasswordPolicy From <https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/heyscriptingguy/2014/01/09/use-powershell-to-get-account-lockout-and- password-policy/>     ","powershell usage ad management powershell usage ad management powershell usage ad management powershell usage ad management powershell usage ad management powershell usage ad management powershell usage ad management powershell usage ad management powershell usage ad management powershell usage ad management friday, march 2, 2018 8:30 useful command sorted: get-addefaultdomainpasswordpolicy <https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/heyscriptingguy/2014/01/09/use-powershell-to-get-account-lockout-and- password-policy/>","Powershell usage for AD management Powershell usage for AD management   Friday, March 2, 2018 8:30 AM Some useful commands to be sorted: Get-ADDefaultDomainPasswordPolicy From <https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/heyscriptingguy/2014/01/09/use-powershell-to-get-account-lockout-and- password-policy/>     ","powershell usage ad management powershell usage ad management friday, march 2, 2018 8:30 useful command sorted: get-addefaultdomainpasswordpolicy <https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/heyscriptingguy/2014/01/09/use-powershell-to-get-account-lockout-and- password-policy/>"
336,Print Queue (SMB) ," Wednesday, August 19, 2015 11:26 AM Last Updated on Monday, 03 February 2014 16:35  Overview These directions explain how to add a networked printer on Mac OS X via the SMB protocol. This is typically used for:  Printing from non-Active Directory-bound Macs to a Windows print server (e.g., faa-print  or faa-print2). AD-bound Macs may occasionally connect to a Windows server via SMB as well. Systems Non-Active Directory-bound computers running Mac OS X Users All users of above systems Actions 1. Gather the following information for the networked printer: server URL, queue name, printer  location, and printer model information/features. (If necessary) Download and install the  appropriate driver for the printer. If your Mac is Fully Managed or Semi-Managed, the driver  may already be installed. Open System Preferences.app.  Click on ""Print & Scan"" and unlock the preference pane (if necessary).  Click on ""+"" underneath the list of printers and select ""Add Printer or Scanner..."" in the menu  2. 3. that appears.  4. An ""Add"" window will appear. If there is not already an ""Advanced"" button in its toolbar (on  top, alongside ""Default"", ""Fax"", ""IP"", etc.), you'll need to customize the toolbar. Control+click  5. 6. 7. 8. 9. on the toolbar area and select ""Customize Toolbar..."".  Drag the ""Advanced"" item up onto the toolbar and click ""Done"".  Click on the ""Advanced"" button.  Then enter/select the following:  Type: ""Windows printer via spoolss"" Device: ""Another Device"" URL: smb://<insert print server URL here>/<insert queue name here> Name: enter a descriptive name here (suggestion: include the queue name so that  Technology Services at FAA can help troubleshoot later, if necessary) Location: enter the location for your reference Use: Generally select ""Select Printer Software..."", locate the appropriate driver for the  printer, and click ""OK"". Click ""Add"".  Configure the appropriate installed options for the printer, then click ""OK"".  The first time you print, you will generally be prompted to authenticate with your Active  Directory (AD) credentials. Please enter uofi\<netID> and your Active Directory password. You       Directory (AD) credentials. Please enter uofi\<netID> and your Active Directory password. You  may save your credentials in your Keychain by first checking the appropriate box in the  authentication window.  Support    ","[72, 0, 72, 655]","[473, 474]","Print Queue (SMB)  Print Queue (SMB)  Print Queue (SMB)  Print Queue (SMB)  Print Queue (SMB)  Print Queue (SMB)  Print Queue (SMB)  Print Queue (SMB)  Print Queue (SMB)  Print Queue (SMB)    Wednesday, August 19, 2015 11:26 AM Last Updated on Monday, 03 February 2014 16:35  Overview These directions explain how to add a networked printer on Mac OS X via the SMB protocol. This is typically used for:  Printing from non-Active Directory-bound Macs to a Windows print server (e.g., faa-print  or faa-print2). AD-bound Macs may occasionally connect to a Windows server via SMB as well. Systems Non-Active Directory-bound computers running Mac OS X Users All users of above systems Actions 1. Gather the following information for the networked printer: server URL, queue name, printer  location, and printer model information/features. (If necessary) Download and install the  appropriate driver for the printer. If your Mac is Fully Managed or Semi-Managed, the driver  may already be installed. Open System Preferences.app.  Click on ""Print & Scan"" and unlock the preference pane (if necessary).  Click on ""+"" underneath the list of printers and select ""Add Printer or Scanner..."" in the menu  2. 3. that appears.  4. An ""Add"" window will appear. If there is not already an ""Advanced"" button in its toolbar (on  top, alongside ""Default"", ""Fax"", ""IP"", etc.), you'll need to customize the toolbar. Control+click  5. 6. 7. 8. 9. on the toolbar area and select ""Customize Toolbar..."".  Drag the ""Advanced"" item up onto the toolbar and click ""Done"".  Click on the ""Advanced"" button.  Then enter/select the following:  Type: ""Windows printer via spoolss"" Device: ""Another Device"" URL: smb://<insert print server URL here>/<insert queue name here> Name: enter a descriptive name here (suggestion: include the queue name so that  Technology Services at FAA can help troubleshoot later, if necessary) Location: enter the location for your reference Use: Generally select ""Select Printer Software..."", locate the appropriate driver for the  printer, and click ""OK"". Click ""Add"".  Configure the appropriate installed options for the printer, then click ""OK"".  The first time you print, you will generally be prompted to authenticate with your Active  Directory (AD) credentials. Please enter uofi\<netID> and your Active Directory password. You       Directory (AD) credentials. Please enter uofi\<netID> and your Active Directory password. You  may save your credentials in your Keychain by first checking the appropriate box in the  authentication window.  Support    ","print queue (smb) print queue (smb) print queue (smb) print queue (smb) print queue (smb) print queue (smb) print queue (smb) print queue (smb) print queue (smb) print queue (smb) wednesday, august 19, 2015 11:26 last update monday, 03 february 2014 16:35 overview directions explain add network printer mac os x via smb protocol. typically use for: print non-active directory-bound macs windows print server (e.g., faa-print faa-print2). ad-bound macs may occasionally connect windows server via smb well. systems non-active directory-bound computers run mac os x users users systems action 1. gather follow information network printer: server url, queue name, printer location, printer model information/features. (if necessary) download install appropriate driver printer. mac fully manage semi-managed, driver may already installed. open system preferences.app. click ""print & scan"" unlock preference pane (if necessary). click ""+"" underneath list printers select ""add printer scanner..."" menu 2. 3. appears. 4. ""add"" window appear. already ""advanced"" button toolbar (on top, alongside ""default"", ""fax"", ""ip"", etc.), need customize toolbar. control+click 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. toolbar area select ""customize toolbar..."". drag ""advanced"" item onto toolbar click ""done"". click ""advanced"" button. enter/select following: type: ""windows printer via spoolss"" device: ""another device"" url: smb://<insert print server url here>/<insert queue name here> name: enter descriptive name (suggestion: include queue name technology service faa help troubleshoot later, necessary) location: enter location reference use: generally select ""select printer software..."", locate appropriate driver printer, click ""ok"". click ""add"". configure appropriate instal options printer, click ""ok"". first time print, generally prompt authenticate active directory (ad) credentials. please enter uofi\<netid> active directory password. directory (ad) credentials. please enter uofi\<netid> active directory password. may save credentials keychain first check appropriate box authentication window. support","Print Queue (SMB)  Print Queue (SMB)    Wednesday, August 19, 2015 11:26 AM Last Updated on Monday, 03 February 2014 16:35  Overview These directions explain how to add a networked printer on Mac OS X via the SMB protocol. This is typically used for:  Printing from non-Active Directory-bound Macs to a Windows print server (e.g., faa-print  or faa-print2). AD-bound Macs may occasionally connect to a Windows server via SMB as well. Systems Non-Active Directory-bound computers running Mac OS X Users All users of above systems Actions 1. Gather the following information for the networked printer: server URL, queue name, printer  location, and printer model information/features. (If necessary) Download and install the  appropriate driver for the printer. If your Mac is Fully Managed or Semi-Managed, the driver  may already be installed. Open System Preferences.app.  Click on ""Print & Scan"" and unlock the preference pane (if necessary).  Click on ""+"" underneath the list of printers and select ""Add Printer or Scanner..."" in the menu  2. 3. that appears.  4. An ""Add"" window will appear. If there is not already an ""Advanced"" button in its toolbar (on  top, alongside ""Default"", ""Fax"", ""IP"", etc.), you'll need to customize the toolbar. Control+click  5. 6. 7. 8. 9. on the toolbar area and select ""Customize Toolbar..."".  Drag the ""Advanced"" item up onto the toolbar and click ""Done"".  Click on the ""Advanced"" button.  Then enter/select the following:  Type: ""Windows printer via spoolss"" Device: ""Another Device"" URL: smb://<insert print server URL here>/<insert queue name here> Name: enter a descriptive name here (suggestion: include the queue name so that  Technology Services at FAA can help troubleshoot later, if necessary) Location: enter the location for your reference Use: Generally select ""Select Printer Software..."", locate the appropriate driver for the  printer, and click ""OK"". Click ""Add"".  Configure the appropriate installed options for the printer, then click ""OK"".  The first time you print, you will generally be prompted to authenticate with your Active  Directory (AD) credentials. Please enter uofi\<netID> and your Active Directory password. You       Directory (AD) credentials. Please enter uofi\<netID> and your Active Directory password. You  may save your credentials in your Keychain by first checking the appropriate box in the  authentication window.  Support    ","print queue (smb) print queue (smb) wednesday, august 19, 2015 11:26 last update monday, 03 february 2014 16:35 overview directions explain add network printer mac os x via smb protocol. typically use for: print non-active directory-bound macs windows print server (e.g., faa-print faa-print2). ad-bound macs may occasionally connect windows server via smb well. systems non-active directory-bound computers run mac os x users users systems action 1. gather follow information network printer: server url, queue name, printer location, printer model information/features. (if necessary) download install appropriate driver printer. mac fully manage semi-managed, driver may already installed. open system preferences.app. click ""print & scan"" unlock preference pane (if necessary). click ""+"" underneath list printers select ""add printer scanner..."" menu 2. 3. appears. 4. ""add"" window appear. already ""advanced"" button toolbar (on top, alongside ""default"", ""fax"", ""ip"", etc.), need customize toolbar. control+click 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. toolbar area select ""customize toolbar..."". drag ""advanced"" item onto toolbar click ""done"". click ""advanced"" button. enter/select following: type: ""windows printer via spoolss"" device: ""another device"" url: smb://<insert print server url here>/<insert queue name here> name: enter descriptive name (suggestion: include queue name technology service faa help troubleshoot later, necessary) location: enter location reference use: generally select ""select printer software..."", locate appropriate driver printer, click ""ok"". click ""add"". configure appropriate instal options printer, click ""ok"". first time print, generally prompt authenticate active directory (ad) credentials. please enter uofi\<netid> active directory password. directory (ad) credentials. please enter uofi\<netid> active directory password. may save credentials keychain first check appropriate box authentication window. support"
337,Printer & Stationery," Monday, July 23, 2018 9:14 AM      Monday, July 23, 2018 9:14 AM         ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[846, 850]","Printer & Stationery Printer & Stationery Printer & Stationery Printer & Stationery Printer & Stationery Printer & Stationery Printer & Stationery Printer & Stationery Printer & Stationery Printer & Stationery   Monday, July 23, 2018 9:14 AM      Monday, July 23, 2018 9:14 AM         ","printer & stationery printer & stationery printer & stationery printer & stationery printer & stationery printer & stationery printer & stationery printer & stationery printer & stationery printer & stationery monday, july 23, 2018 9:14 monday, july 23, 2018 9:14","Printer & Stationery Printer & Stationery   Monday, July 23, 2018 9:14 AM      Monday, July 23, 2018 9:14 AM         ","printer & stationery printer & stationery monday, july 23, 2018 9:14 monday, july 23, 2018 9:14"
338,Printing to Konica units from a MAC," Monday, August 22, 2016 4:24 PM 1. Download driver from https://www.biz.konicaminolta.com/download/driver.html As an example I’ve used  the Konica  Bizhub c658 driver for a unit in Phoenix (AZPXNPRN01) 2. Download the newest PostScript driver after selecting the appropriate version of OSX 3. Check your downloads folder, double click the driver dmg file.     4. This will not start the install just yet; it will only mount the files for installation. Look for a similar  icon usually on the right hand side of the desktop. Double click it to open installation files. 5. We want to open the “Letter” folder 6. Open the “.pkg” file within the “Letter” folder. 7. A new installation window will open. Select continue.      Continue. Continue. If needed, select single sided printing by selecting “Custom Install.” By Default 2 sided will be  selected otherwise. Click install.     8. You may be prompted for admin credentials. If your adm account is not set as an admin, you will  need to use the local macadmin account to proceed. Click Install Software. Click Close     9. Click Apple icon in the upper left hand corner, open System Preferences. Open Printers & Scanners.  Initially this will show no new printers despite the software install you just completed. 10. Click “+” in the lower left hand corner. This will open a new window. 11. Select the “IP” tab, enter the address (in this case 192.168.110.31), then click the “Use” drop down  menu and choose “Select Software.”     12. Choose the appropriate brand/model from the list. Click OK. Click Add. 13. The following options will display, the individual choices are specific to the exact options the printer  shipped with and may vary quite a bit. The important items are checking “Hard Disk” and “Secure  Print Only.” Click OK     14. You will be taken back to the prior “Printers & Scanners” window. The printer you just added will be  displayed here. I would suggest right clicking (or ctrl+click) the printer and renaming it to something  a bit more recognizable. 15. The first time you attempt to send a print job to the Konica, it should generate a small box  prompting for the “Document ID” and “Password.” I usually test this by printing the google.com  home page through Safari or Chrome. Enter the username in the Document ID (in my case – tsieber)  and then select a password (I chose a 6 digit pin). You can check the box to save settings so you’ll no  longer be prompted going forward.    ","[50, 0, 55, 779]","[1112, 1118]","Printing to Konica units from a MAC Printing to Konica units from a MAC Printing to Konica units from a MAC Printing to Konica units from a MAC Printing to Konica units from a MAC Printing to Konica units from a MAC Printing to Konica units from a MAC Printing to Konica units from a MAC Printing to Konica units from a MAC Printing to Konica units from a MAC   Monday, August 22, 2016 4:24 PM 1. Download driver from https://www.biz.konicaminolta.com/download/driver.html As an example I’ve used  the Konica  Bizhub c658 driver for a unit in Phoenix (AZPXNPRN01) 2. Download the newest PostScript driver after selecting the appropriate version of OSX 3. Check your downloads folder, double click the driver dmg file.     4. This will not start the install just yet; it will only mount the files for installation. Look for a similar  icon usually on the right hand side of the desktop. Double click it to open installation files. 5. We want to open the “Letter” folder 6. Open the “.pkg” file within the “Letter” folder. 7. A new installation window will open. Select continue.      Continue. Continue. If needed, select single sided printing by selecting “Custom Install.” By Default 2 sided will be  selected otherwise. Click install.     8. You may be prompted for admin credentials. If your adm account is not set as an admin, you will  need to use the local macadmin account to proceed. Click Install Software. Click Close     9. Click Apple icon in the upper left hand corner, open System Preferences. Open Printers & Scanners.  Initially this will show no new printers despite the software install you just completed. 10. Click “+” in the lower left hand corner. This will open a new window. 11. Select the “IP” tab, enter the address (in this case 192.168.110.31), then click the “Use” drop down  menu and choose “Select Software.”     12. Choose the appropriate brand/model from the list. Click OK. Click Add. 13. The following options will display, the individual choices are specific to the exact options the printer  shipped with and may vary quite a bit. The important items are checking “Hard Disk” and “Secure  Print Only.” Click OK     14. You will be taken back to the prior “Printers & Scanners” window. The printer you just added will be  displayed here. I would suggest right clicking (or ctrl+click) the printer and renaming it to something  a bit more recognizable. 15. The first time you attempt to send a print job to the Konica, it should generate a small box  prompting for the “Document ID” and “Password.” I usually test this by printing the google.com  home page through Safari or Chrome. Enter the username in the Document ID (in my case – tsieber)  and then select a password (I chose a 6 digit pin). You can check the box to save settings so you’ll no  longer be prompted going forward.    ","print konica units mac print konica units mac print konica units mac print konica units mac print konica units mac print konica units mac print konica units mac print konica units mac print konica units mac print konica units mac monday, august 22, 2016 4:24 pm 1. download driver https://www.biz.konicaminolta.com/download/driver.html example i’ve use konica bizhub c658 driver unit phoenix (azpxnprn01) 2. download newest postscript driver select appropriate version osx 3. check download folder, double click driver dmg file. 4. start install yet; mount file installation. look similar icon usually right hand side desktop. double click open installation files. 5. want open “letter” folder 6. open “.pkg” file within “letter” folder. 7. new installation window open. select continue. continue. continue. needed, select single side print select “custom install.” default 2 side select otherwise. click install. 8. may prompt admin credentials. adm account set admin, need use local macadmin account proceed. click install software. click close 9. click apple icon upper leave hand corner, open system preferences. open printers & scanners. initially show new printers despite software install completed. 10. click “+” lower leave hand corner. open new window. 11. select “ip” tab, enter address (in case 192.168.110.31), click “use” drop menu choose “select software.” 12. choose appropriate brand/model list. click ok. click add. 13. follow options display, individual choices specific exact options printer ship may vary quite bit. important items check “hard disk” “secure print only.” click ok 14. take back prior “printers & scanners” window. printer add display here. would suggest right click (or ctrl+click) printer rename something bite recognizable. 15. first time attempt send print job konica, generate small box prompt “document id” “password.” usually test print google.com home page safari chrome. enter username document id (in case – tsieber) select password (i choose 6 digit pin). check box save settings you’ll longer prompt go forward.","Printing to Konica units from a MAC Printing to Konica units from a MAC   Monday, August 22, 2016 4:24 PM 1. Download driver from https://www.biz.konicaminolta.com/download/driver.html As an example I’ve used  the Konica  Bizhub c658 driver for a unit in Phoenix (AZPXNPRN01) 2. Download the newest PostScript driver after selecting the appropriate version of OSX 3. Check your downloads folder, double click the driver dmg file.     4. This will not start the install just yet; it will only mount the files for installation. Look for a similar  icon usually on the right hand side of the desktop. Double click it to open installation files. 5. We want to open the “Letter” folder 6. Open the “.pkg” file within the “Letter” folder. 7. A new installation window will open. Select continue.      Continue. Continue. If needed, select single sided printing by selecting “Custom Install.” By Default 2 sided will be  selected otherwise. Click install.     8. You may be prompted for admin credentials. If your adm account is not set as an admin, you will  need to use the local macadmin account to proceed. Click Install Software. Click Close     9. Click Apple icon in the upper left hand corner, open System Preferences. Open Printers & Scanners.  Initially this will show no new printers despite the software install you just completed. 10. Click “+” in the lower left hand corner. This will open a new window. 11. Select the “IP” tab, enter the address (in this case 192.168.110.31), then click the “Use” drop down  menu and choose “Select Software.”     12. Choose the appropriate brand/model from the list. Click OK. Click Add. 13. The following options will display, the individual choices are specific to the exact options the printer  shipped with and may vary quite a bit. The important items are checking “Hard Disk” and “Secure  Print Only.” Click OK     14. You will be taken back to the prior “Printers & Scanners” window. The printer you just added will be  displayed here. I would suggest right clicking (or ctrl+click) the printer and renaming it to something  a bit more recognizable. 15. The first time you attempt to send a print job to the Konica, it should generate a small box  prompting for the “Document ID” and “Password.” I usually test this by printing the google.com  home page through Safari or Chrome. Enter the username in the Document ID (in my case – tsieber)  and then select a password (I chose a 6 digit pin). You can check the box to save settings so you’ll no  longer be prompted going forward.    ","print konica units mac print konica units mac monday, august 22, 2016 4:24 pm 1. download driver https://www.biz.konicaminolta.com/download/driver.html example i’ve use konica bizhub c658 driver unit phoenix (azpxnprn01) 2. download newest postscript driver select appropriate version osx 3. check download folder, double click driver dmg file. 4. start install yet; mount file installation. look similar icon usually right hand side desktop. double click open installation files. 5. want open “letter” folder 6. open “.pkg” file within “letter” folder. 7. new installation window open. select continue. continue. continue. needed, select single side print select “custom install.” default 2 side select otherwise. click install. 8. may prompt admin credentials. adm account set admin, need use local macadmin account proceed. click install software. click close 9. click apple icon upper leave hand corner, open system preferences. open printers & scanners. initially show new printers despite software install completed. 10. click “+” lower leave hand corner. open new window. 11. select “ip” tab, enter address (in case 192.168.110.31), click “use” drop menu choose “select software.” 12. choose appropriate brand/model list. click ok. click add. 13. follow options display, individual choices specific exact options printer ship may vary quite bit. important items check “hard disk” “secure print only.” click ok 14. take back prior “printers & scanners” window. printer add display here. would suggest right click (or ctrl+click) printer rename something bite recognizable. 15. first time attempt send print job konica, generate small box prompt “document id” “password.” usually test print google.com home page safari chrome. enter username document id (in case – tsieber) select password (i choose 6 digit pin). check box save settings you’ll longer prompt go forward."
339,Printing to a Konica Minolta Printer from OSX," Thursday, May 25, 2017 10:14 AM 1. Download driver from  https://www.biz.konicaminolta.com/download/driver.html As an example I’ve used  the Konica  Bizhub c658 driver for a unit in Phoenix  (AZPXNPRN01) 2. Download the newest PostScript driver after selecting the appropriate version of  OSX 3. Check your downloads folder, double click the driver dmg file.     4. This will not start the install just yet; it will only mount the files for installation.  Look for a similar icon usually on the right hand side of the desktop. Double click  it to open installation files. 5. We want to open the “Letter” folder 6. Open the “.pkg” file within the “Letter” folder. 7. A new installation window will open. Select continue.     7. A new installation window will open. Select continue. Continue. Continue. If needed, select single sided printing by selecting “Custom Install.” By  Default 2 sided will be selected otherwise. Click install.     8. 9. You may be prompted for  credentials. If your adm account is not set as an admin, you will need to use the  local macadmin account to proceed. Click Install Software. Click Close     10. Click Apple icon in the upper left hand corner, open System Preferences. Open  Printers & Scanners. Initially this will show no new printers despite the software  install you just completed. 11. Click “+” in the lower left hand corner. This will open a new window.     12. Select the “IP” tab, enter the address (in this case 192.168.110.31), then click the  “Use” drop down menu and choose “Select Software.” 13. Choose the appropriate brand/model from the list. Click OK. Click Add.     14. The following options will display, the individual choices are specific to the exact  options the printer shipped with and may vary quite a bit. The important items  are checking “Hard Disk” and “Secure Print Only.” Click OK 15. You will be taken back to the prior “Printers & Scanners” window. The printer you  just added will be displayed here. I would suggest right clicking (or ctrl+click) the  printer and renaming it to something a bit more recognizable.     16. The first time you attempt to send a print job to the Konica, it should generate a  small box prompting for the “Document ID” and “Password.” I usually test this by  printing the google.com home page through Safari or Chrome. Enter the  username in the Document ID (in my case – tsieber) and then select a password (I  chose a 6 digit pin). You can check the box to save settings so you’ll no longer be  prompted going forward.","[84, 466, 70, 776]","[572, 579]","Printing to a Konica Minolta Printer from OSX Printing to a Konica Minolta Printer from OSX Printing to a Konica Minolta Printer from OSX Printing to a Konica Minolta Printer from OSX Printing to a Konica Minolta Printer from OSX Printing to a Konica Minolta Printer from OSX Printing to a Konica Minolta Printer from OSX Printing to a Konica Minolta Printer from OSX Printing to a Konica Minolta Printer from OSX Printing to a Konica Minolta Printer from OSX   Thursday, May 25, 2017 10:14 AM 1. Download driver from  https://www.biz.konicaminolta.com/download/driver.html As an example I’ve used  the Konica  Bizhub c658 driver for a unit in Phoenix  (AZPXNPRN01) 2. Download the newest PostScript driver after selecting the appropriate version of  OSX 3. Check your downloads folder, double click the driver dmg file.     4. This will not start the install just yet; it will only mount the files for installation.  Look for a similar icon usually on the right hand side of the desktop. Double click  it to open installation files. 5. We want to open the “Letter” folder 6. Open the “.pkg” file within the “Letter” folder. 7. A new installation window will open. Select continue.     7. A new installation window will open. Select continue. Continue. Continue. If needed, select single sided printing by selecting “Custom Install.” By  Default 2 sided will be selected otherwise. Click install.     8. 9. You may be prompted for  credentials. If your adm account is not set as an admin, you will need to use the  local macadmin account to proceed. Click Install Software. Click Close     10. Click Apple icon in the upper left hand corner, open System Preferences. Open  Printers & Scanners. Initially this will show no new printers despite the software  install you just completed. 11. Click “+” in the lower left hand corner. This will open a new window.     12. Select the “IP” tab, enter the address (in this case 192.168.110.31), then click the  “Use” drop down menu and choose “Select Software.” 13. Choose the appropriate brand/model from the list. Click OK. Click Add.     14. The following options will display, the individual choices are specific to the exact  options the printer shipped with and may vary quite a bit. The important items  are checking “Hard Disk” and “Secure Print Only.” Click OK 15. You will be taken back to the prior “Printers & Scanners” window. The printer you  just added will be displayed here. I would suggest right clicking (or ctrl+click) the  printer and renaming it to something a bit more recognizable.     16. The first time you attempt to send a print job to the Konica, it should generate a  small box prompting for the “Document ID” and “Password.” I usually test this by  printing the google.com home page through Safari or Chrome. Enter the  username in the Document ID (in my case – tsieber) and then select a password (I  chose a 6 digit pin). You can check the box to save settings so you’ll no longer be  prompted going forward.","print konica minolta printer osx print konica minolta printer osx print konica minolta printer osx print konica minolta printer osx print konica minolta printer osx print konica minolta printer osx print konica minolta printer osx print konica minolta printer osx print konica minolta printer osx print konica minolta printer osx thursday, may 25, 2017 10:14 1. download driver https://www.biz.konicaminolta.com/download/driver.html example i’ve use konica bizhub c658 driver unit phoenix (azpxnprn01) 2. download newest postscript driver select appropriate version osx 3. check download folder, double click driver dmg file. 4. start install yet; mount file installation. look similar icon usually right hand side desktop. double click open installation files. 5. want open “letter” folder 6. open “.pkg” file within “letter” folder. 7. new installation window open. select continue. 7. new installation window open. select continue. continue. continue. needed, select single side print select “custom install.” default 2 side select otherwise. click install. 8. 9. may prompt credentials. adm account set admin, need use local macadmin account proceed. click install software. click close 10. click apple icon upper leave hand corner, open system preferences. open printers & scanners. initially show new printers despite software install completed. 11. click “+” lower leave hand corner. open new window. 12. select “ip” tab, enter address (in case 192.168.110.31), click “use” drop menu choose “select software.” 13. choose appropriate brand/model list. click ok. click add. 14. follow options display, individual choices specific exact options printer ship may vary quite bit. important items check “hard disk” “secure print only.” click ok 15. take back prior “printers & scanners” window. printer add display here. would suggest right click (or ctrl+click) printer rename something bite recognizable. 16. first time attempt send print job konica, generate small box prompt “document id” “password.” usually test print google.com home page safari chrome. enter username document id (in case – tsieber) select password (i choose 6 digit pin). check box save settings you’ll longer prompt go forward.","Printing to a Konica Minolta Printer from OSX Printing to a Konica Minolta Printer from OSX   Thursday, May 25, 2017 10:14 AM 1. Download driver from  https://www.biz.konicaminolta.com/download/driver.html As an example I’ve used  the Konica  Bizhub c658 driver for a unit in Phoenix  (AZPXNPRN01) 2. Download the newest PostScript driver after selecting the appropriate version of  OSX 3. Check your downloads folder, double click the driver dmg file.     4. This will not start the install just yet; it will only mount the files for installation.  Look for a similar icon usually on the right hand side of the desktop. Double click  it to open installation files. 5. We want to open the “Letter” folder 6. Open the “.pkg” file within the “Letter” folder. 7. A new installation window will open. Select continue.     7. A new installation window will open. Select continue. Continue. Continue. If needed, select single sided printing by selecting “Custom Install.” By  Default 2 sided will be selected otherwise. Click install.     8. 9. You may be prompted for  credentials. If your adm account is not set as an admin, you will need to use the  local macadmin account to proceed. Click Install Software. Click Close     10. Click Apple icon in the upper left hand corner, open System Preferences. Open  Printers & Scanners. Initially this will show no new printers despite the software  install you just completed. 11. Click “+” in the lower left hand corner. This will open a new window.     12. Select the “IP” tab, enter the address (in this case 192.168.110.31), then click the  “Use” drop down menu and choose “Select Software.” 13. Choose the appropriate brand/model from the list. Click OK. Click Add.     14. The following options will display, the individual choices are specific to the exact  options the printer shipped with and may vary quite a bit. The important items  are checking “Hard Disk” and “Secure Print Only.” Click OK 15. You will be taken back to the prior “Printers & Scanners” window. The printer you  just added will be displayed here. I would suggest right clicking (or ctrl+click) the  printer and renaming it to something a bit more recognizable.     16. The first time you attempt to send a print job to the Konica, it should generate a  small box prompting for the “Document ID” and “Password.” I usually test this by  printing the google.com home page through Safari or Chrome. Enter the  username in the Document ID (in my case – tsieber) and then select a password (I  chose a 6 digit pin). You can check the box to save settings so you’ll no longer be  prompted going forward.","print konica minolta printer osx print konica minolta printer osx thursday, may 25, 2017 10:14 1. download driver https://www.biz.konicaminolta.com/download/driver.html example i’ve use konica bizhub c658 driver unit phoenix (azpxnprn01) 2. download newest postscript driver select appropriate version osx 3. check download folder, double click driver dmg file. 4. start install yet; mount file installation. look similar icon usually right hand side desktop. double click open installation files. 5. want open “letter” folder 6. open “.pkg” file within “letter” folder. 7. new installation window open. select continue. 7. new installation window open. select continue. continue. continue. needed, select single side print select “custom install.” default 2 side select otherwise. click install. 8. 9. may prompt credentials. adm account set admin, need use local macadmin account proceed. click install software. click close 10. click apple icon upper leave hand corner, open system preferences. open printers & scanners. initially show new printers despite software install completed. 11. click “+” lower leave hand corner. open new window. 12. select “ip” tab, enter address (in case 192.168.110.31), click “use” drop menu choose “select software.” 13. choose appropriate brand/model list. click ok. click add. 14. follow options display, individual choices specific exact options printer ship may vary quite bit. important items check “hard disk” “secure print only.” click ok 15. take back prior “printers & scanners” window. printer add display here. would suggest right click (or ctrl+click) printer rename something bite recognizable. 16. first time attempt send print job konica, generate small box prompt “document id” “password.” usually test print google.com home page safari chrome. enter username document id (in case – tsieber) select password (i choose 6 digit pin). check box save settings you’ll longer prompt go forward."
340,Printout," Friday, June 29, 2018 2:56 AM    ","[62, 2, 136, 779]",[1070],"Printout Printout Printout Printout Printout Printout Printout Printout Printout Printout   Friday, June 29, 2018 2:56 AM    ","printout printout printout printout printout printout printout printout printout printout friday, june 29, 2018 2:56","Printout Printout   Friday, June 29, 2018 2:56 AM    ","printout printout friday, june 29, 2018 2:56"
341,Procedure," Friday, November 21, 2014 8:56 AM Technology  Title: Document #: Creation Date: Last Review Date: Ciphermail Password  Reset procedure 2014-005.1 July 2014 July 2014 Effective Date: July 2014 Prepared by: Steven Shockley Approved by: Name Manager Security  Operations Standard Title  from OneView Table of Contents Table of Contents    2 Introduction    3 Audience and Prerequisites    3 Password reset procedure    3 Revision and Review History    4 Introduction To protect confidential data in transit, Berkadia uses the Ciphermail application to encrypt  messages and attachments to non-Berkadia users.  Like any system, users will occasionally  lose or forget their password; they will be instructed to contact the Berkadia help desk for  assistance. Audience and Prerequisites You need to be a member of Ciphermail User Managers, Ciphermail Portal Managers, and  Ciphermail Login groups to complete this process. Password reset procedure Log in to the management portal at https://securemail.berkadia.com/djigzo/login using your - ADM account (formatted as your-adm@gmaccm.com).      On the Users tab, find the user you want to modify and click the user's email address. Note: you can click the triangle next to Email Filter to search for users Click Portal Enter a new password, and click Apply      Revision and Review History The Technology Manager – IT Admin reviews each IT document on a 12-month rotation  schedule based on the date of its creation, last revision, or last review.  Subject matter experts and policy owners make changes to this policy as necessary. The  change log describes new topics and other changes. Action Document Number Effective Date Changes Creation 2014-005.1 July 2014 Document creation    ","[72, 0, 72, 668]","[794, 796]","Procedure Procedure Procedure Procedure Procedure Procedure Procedure Procedure Procedure Procedure   Friday, November 21, 2014 8:56 AM Technology  Title: Document #: Creation Date: Last Review Date: Ciphermail Password  Reset procedure 2014-005.1 July 2014 July 2014 Effective Date: July 2014 Prepared by: Steven Shockley Approved by: Name Manager Security  Operations Standard Title  from OneView Table of Contents Table of Contents    2 Introduction    3 Audience and Prerequisites    3 Password reset procedure    3 Revision and Review History    4 Introduction To protect confidential data in transit, Berkadia uses the Ciphermail application to encrypt  messages and attachments to non-Berkadia users.  Like any system, users will occasionally  lose or forget their password; they will be instructed to contact the Berkadia help desk for  assistance. Audience and Prerequisites You need to be a member of Ciphermail User Managers, Ciphermail Portal Managers, and  Ciphermail Login groups to complete this process. Password reset procedure Log in to the management portal at https://securemail.berkadia.com/djigzo/login using your - ADM account (formatted as your-adm@gmaccm.com).      On the Users tab, find the user you want to modify and click the user's email address. Note: you can click the triangle next to Email Filter to search for users Click Portal Enter a new password, and click Apply      Revision and Review History The Technology Manager – IT Admin reviews each IT document on a 12-month rotation  schedule based on the date of its creation, last revision, or last review.  Subject matter experts and policy owners make changes to this policy as necessary. The  change log describes new topics and other changes. Action Document Number Effective Date Changes Creation 2014-005.1 July 2014 Document creation    ","procedure procedure procedure procedure procedure procedure procedure procedure procedure procedure friday, november 21, 2014 8:56 technology title: document #: creation date: last review date: ciphermail password reset procedure 2014-005.1 july 2014 july 2014 effective date: july 2014 prepare by: steven shockley approve by: name manager security operations standard title oneview table content table content 2 introduction 3 audience prerequisites 3 password reset procedure 3 revision review history 4 introduction protect confidential data transit, berkadia use ciphermail application encrypt message attachments non-berkadia users. like system, users occasionally lose forget password; instruct contact berkadia help desk assistance. audience prerequisites need member ciphermail user managers, ciphermail portal managers, ciphermail login group complete process. password reset procedure log management portal https://securemail.berkadia.com/djigzo/login use - adm account (formatted your-adm@gmaccm.com). users tab, find user want modify click user's email address. note: click triangle next email filter search users click portal enter new password, click apply revision review history technology manager – admin review document 12-month rotation schedule base date creation, last revision, last review. subject matter experts policy owners make change policy necessary. change log describe new topics changes. action document number effective date change creation 2014-005.1 july 2014 document creation","Procedure Procedure   Friday, November 21, 2014 8:56 AM Technology  Title: Document #: Creation Date: Last Review Date: Ciphermail Password  Reset procedure 2014-005.1 July 2014 July 2014 Effective Date: July 2014 Prepared by: Steven Shockley Approved by: Name Manager Security  Operations Standard Title  from OneView Table of Contents Table of Contents    2 Introduction    3 Audience and Prerequisites    3 Password reset procedure    3 Revision and Review History    4 Introduction To protect confidential data in transit, Berkadia uses the Ciphermail application to encrypt  messages and attachments to non-Berkadia users.  Like any system, users will occasionally  lose or forget their password; they will be instructed to contact the Berkadia help desk for  assistance. Audience and Prerequisites You need to be a member of Ciphermail User Managers, Ciphermail Portal Managers, and  Ciphermail Login groups to complete this process. Password reset procedure Log in to the management portal at https://securemail.berkadia.com/djigzo/login using your - ADM account (formatted as your-adm@gmaccm.com).      On the Users tab, find the user you want to modify and click the user's email address. Note: you can click the triangle next to Email Filter to search for users Click Portal Enter a new password, and click Apply      Revision and Review History The Technology Manager – IT Admin reviews each IT document on a 12-month rotation  schedule based on the date of its creation, last revision, or last review.  Subject matter experts and policy owners make changes to this policy as necessary. The  change log describes new topics and other changes. Action Document Number Effective Date Changes Creation 2014-005.1 July 2014 Document creation    ","procedure procedure friday, november 21, 2014 8:56 technology title: document #: creation date: last review date: ciphermail password reset procedure 2014-005.1 july 2014 july 2014 effective date: july 2014 prepare by: steven shockley approve by: name manager security operations standard title oneview table content table content 2 introduction 3 audience prerequisites 3 password reset procedure 3 revision review history 4 introduction protect confidential data transit, berkadia use ciphermail application encrypt message attachments non-berkadia users. like system, users occasionally lose forget password; instruct contact berkadia help desk assistance. audience prerequisites need member ciphermail user managers, ciphermail portal managers, ciphermail login group complete process. password reset procedure log management portal https://securemail.berkadia.com/djigzo/login use - adm account (formatted your-adm@gmaccm.com). users tab, find user want modify click user's email address. note: click triangle next email filter search users click portal enter new password, click apply revision review history technology manager – admin review document 12-month rotation schedule base date creation, last revision, last review. subject matter experts policy owners make change policy necessary. change log describe new topics changes. action document number effective date change creation 2014-005.1 july 2014 document creation"
342,Program or App looks funny," Tuesday, February 28, 2017 2:26 PM Windows 10 has a built in display scaling technology, that is designed to scale a program or app so it  ""looks good' or is optimized for the display that is being used. Because you know, Windows 10  knows best. If a user reports that a program looks funny or is too big or too small, you can try  turning off this scaling for the program or app in question.  Right click on the shortcut for the app and choose properties. Under the compatibility tab, check the box where it says Disable display scaling on high DPI settings. Close the program and open it back up and see if this fixed the issue.    ","[72, 0, 183, 775]",[672],"Program or App looks funny Program or App looks funny Program or App looks funny Program or App looks funny Program or App looks funny Program or App looks funny Program or App looks funny Program or App looks funny Program or App looks funny Program or App looks funny   Tuesday, February 28, 2017 2:26 PM Windows 10 has a built in display scaling technology, that is designed to scale a program or app so it  ""looks good' or is optimized for the display that is being used. Because you know, Windows 10  knows best. If a user reports that a program looks funny or is too big or too small, you can try  turning off this scaling for the program or app in question.  Right click on the shortcut for the app and choose properties. Under the compatibility tab, check the box where it says Disable display scaling on high DPI settings. Close the program and open it back up and see if this fixed the issue.    ","program app look funny program app look funny program app look funny program app look funny program app look funny program app look funny program app look funny program app look funny program app look funny program app look funny tuesday, february 28, 2017 2:26 pm windows 10 build display scale technology, design scale program app ""looks good' optimize display used. know, windows 10 know best. user report program look funny big small, try turn scale program app question. right click shortcut app choose properties. compatibility tab, check box say disable display scale high dpi settings. close program open back see fix issue.","Program or App looks funny Program or App looks funny   Tuesday, February 28, 2017 2:26 PM Windows 10 has a built in display scaling technology, that is designed to scale a program or app so it  ""looks good' or is optimized for the display that is being used. Because you know, Windows 10  knows best. If a user reports that a program looks funny or is too big or too small, you can try  turning off this scaling for the program or app in question.  Right click on the shortcut for the app and choose properties. Under the compatibility tab, check the box where it says Disable display scaling on high DPI settings. Close the program and open it back up and see if this fixed the issue.    ","program app look funny program app look funny tuesday, february 28, 2017 2:26 pm windows 10 build display scale technology, design scale program app ""looks good' optimize display used. know, windows 10 know best. user report program look funny big small, try turn scale program app question. right click shortcut app choose properties. compatibility tab, check box say disable display scale high dpi settings. close program open back see fix issue."
343,Properly Add An Additional Mailbox," Wednesday, March 16, 2016 9:01 PM If a mailbox is not added using this method, any associated AutoArchive/Online Archive will  not be visible. 1. Open Control Panel from the start menu. Select “Mail or Mail (32-bit)” You may need to select  view by large/small icons instead of category to see this. 2. Select  Email Accounts 3. Select New 4. Select Email Account, click next->Click Manually configure server settings or additional server  types, click next.  5. Type in server name and email address as shown. Adjust email address as needed. Click next.     6. Click Finish    ","[64, 0, 54, 775]","[258, 259]","Properly Add An Additional Mailbox Properly Add An Additional Mailbox Properly Add An Additional Mailbox Properly Add An Additional Mailbox Properly Add An Additional Mailbox Properly Add An Additional Mailbox Properly Add An Additional Mailbox Properly Add An Additional Mailbox Properly Add An Additional Mailbox Properly Add An Additional Mailbox   Wednesday, March 16, 2016 9:01 PM If a mailbox is not added using this method, any associated AutoArchive/Online Archive will  not be visible. 1. Open Control Panel from the start menu. Select “Mail or Mail (32-bit)” You may need to select  view by large/small icons instead of category to see this. 2. Select  Email Accounts 3. Select New 4. Select Email Account, click next->Click Manually configure server settings or additional server  types, click next.  5. Type in server name and email address as shown. Adjust email address as needed. Click next.     6. Click Finish    ","properly add additional mailbox properly add additional mailbox properly add additional mailbox properly add additional mailbox properly add additional mailbox properly add additional mailbox properly add additional mailbox properly add additional mailbox properly add additional mailbox properly add additional mailbox wednesday, march 16, 2016 9:01 pm mailbox add use method, associate autoarchive/online archive visible. 1. open control panel start menu. select “mail mail (32-bit)” may need select view large/small icons instead category see this. 2. select email account 3. select new 4. select email account, click next->click manually configure server settings additional server types, click next. 5. type server name email address shown. adjust email address needed. click next. 6. click finish","Properly Add An Additional Mailbox Properly Add An Additional Mailbox   Wednesday, March 16, 2016 9:01 PM If a mailbox is not added using this method, any associated AutoArchive/Online Archive will  not be visible. 1. Open Control Panel from the start menu. Select “Mail or Mail (32-bit)” You may need to select  view by large/small icons instead of category to see this. 2. Select  Email Accounts 3. Select New 4. Select Email Account, click next->Click Manually configure server settings or additional server  types, click next.  5. Type in server name and email address as shown. Adjust email address as needed. Click next.     6. Click Finish    ","properly add additional mailbox properly add additional mailbox wednesday, march 16, 2016 9:01 pm mailbox add use method, associate autoarchive/online archive visible. 1. open control panel start menu. select “mail mail (32-bit)” may need select view large/small icons instead category see this. 2. select email account 3. select new 4. select email account, click next->click manually configure server settings additional server types, click next. 5. type server name email address shown. adjust email address needed. click next. 6. click finish"
344,Proxy Servers," Thursday, April 09, 2015 9:51 AM","[72, 769, 224, 779]",[804],"Proxy Servers Proxy Servers Proxy Servers Proxy Servers Proxy Servers Proxy Servers Proxy Servers Proxy Servers Proxy Servers Proxy Servers   Thursday, April 09, 2015 9:51 AM","proxy servers proxy servers proxy servers proxy servers proxy servers proxy servers proxy servers proxy servers proxy servers proxy servers thursday, april 09, 2015 9:51","Proxy Servers Proxy Servers   Thursday, April 09, 2015 9:51 AM","proxy servers proxy servers thursday, april 09, 2015 9:51"
345,Quick Reference Guide," Monday, June 24, 2013 8:39 AM This quick guide is an internal document.  It was prepared to assist you with the new conference room  reservations process at Capmark Financial Group. In the coming weeks, IT will be enabling conference room reservations functionality in Microsoft  Outlook.   This change will enable you to reserve corporate conference rooms and other meeting  resources through Microsoft Outlook, rather than Pioneer as you do today.  The conference room  reservations system in Pioneer will then be discontinued and beginning on August 20th, 2007, all  reservations must be made utilizing Outlook.  Please note that reservations already scheduled for  events on or after August 20th must be transferred to the new system before this date.  A report of  your reservations will be provided to help you transfer your reservations. This change of systems consolidates scheduling a meeting and reserving a room into one easy step.   In other words, you no longer have to go to Pioneer and then Outlook to schedule a meeting and  reserve a room.  Another improvement is that the new system also releases a reserved room when  you cancel a meeting, automatically making the room available for potential users.  There are other  benefits to this new system and we will address these in more detail in the next few pages. How Does It Work? The process is fairly simple.  Go to Microsoft Outlook’s calendar to schedule a meeting or  appointment, and select one of the several meeting rooms available.  These are now located in  Outlook’s Global Address list and begin with an exclamation mark (“!”) for ease of identifying and  locating.  It is not a requirement to select the room as a “resource” to check room availability or to  reserve it.  You’re also not required to add meeting attendees to reserve a room.  Once you select a  room and it is displayed in the “To” or “Location” field of the meeting or appointment, click “Send” or  “Save” to finalize the reservation.  That’s it!! The process is explained in a bit more detail, in the following pages. Click the “Calendar” bar from any pane to access  your calendar and schedule a meeting or  appointment.      Depending on your settings, Outlook can look one of several ways when you access it.   From any of  these, you should be able to click the calendar bar. Click “New” to start a new meeting or appointment Click “New” to open the meeting or appointment panel. Fill in the subject line and enter meeting comments  or an agenda. Remember, anyone can see your  subject line text when checking availability of a room  you reserved.   Click the “Scheduling” tab.      Then, click “Add Others” to select and check the availability of a conference room. On the “Scheduling” tab, click the first empty field under “All  Attendees”.  Invite your attendees, if applicable. You can invite the attendees (if applicable) in the “Scheduling” tab, as well as reserve a resource. Meeting resources are now reflected in the Global Address List in  Outlook.  Click the desired room to highlight it and then click  “Resources” to check availability and reserve a room.  Click “OK”  to continue.      Select room availability by moving the green and red bars to the  appropriate time or by selecting the date and time in the highlighted  section below. Blocked times (see blue areas above) are “busy” and  therefore unavailable. When finished, click the “Send’ or “Save” button to schedule the appointment or meeting.  This will  generate an e-mailed confirmation of your reservation, or additional information to assist you if the  resource is restricted or unavailable. Other Features You will now have the ability to see the equipment that is available in each of the meeting resources  as well as the resource’s phone number.  To find these, follow these simple steps: 1. 2. 3. Highlight the desired meeting resource and right-click Click “Properties” in the menu box Click the “Phone/Notes” tab      Click “Properties” to view details of the room/resource you wish to  reserve Select this tab to see the room’s phone number and installed equipment Seating occupancy limit will also be indicated, next to each of the resources in Outlook.  Notice that  you can also see a resource’s phone number in this area. Room’s occupancy limit and phone number      You can also see who is reserving a room by clicking the reservation block and then the details pop  up.  This will not disclose the meeting details; only the organizer and attendees.  This feature only  works on resources.  You will not be able to click an employee’s “busy” time to retrieve meeting  details. Hover over the blue block and then click the details popup box to  disclose the meeting attendees and organizer Frequently Asked Questions What will happen to all my old reservations in Pioneer?  Pioneer reservations will be deleted on  August 20, 2007.  You will need to move your Pioneer reservations into Outlook for all meetings  occurring after August 20, 2007. The new system is available NOW, and you can begin transferring  your reservations from Pioneer immediately.  Outlook will become the corporate system of record as  of August 20, 2007. I have too many reservations after August 20th.  What do I do??!!  You will be provided a report of  your reservations to facilitate your transferring these into Outlook. Is my reservation “final” if I select the open time slot in Outlook?  No.  Although unlikely, it’s       Is my reservation “final” if I select the open time slot in Outlook?  No.  Although unlikely, it’s  possible that another person is booking the same room for the same time slot and clicked “Send” or  “Save” before you did. Therefore, your room is not successfully booked until you receive a  confirmation email from the system.  The confirmation email you receive will serve as a true  confirmation of your reservation. Do I have to cancel a meeting to cancel a room reservation?  No.  Simply remove the room from  the meeting and save the updated meeting.  Remember to include a new meeting location. Do I have to book or select the room as a “Resource” for my reservation to work?  No.  You  can reserve the room as a required, optional attendee, or resource.  The system will automatically  recognize the resource/room as such, and manage it accordingly. Can I be “bumped” out of a room?  No.  The new system will not make it possible for you to be  bumped.   Only IT, in the event of an emergency, can rescind your reservation.  This is very unusual  but if it occurs, you will be contacted with details. Can I reserve a resource on someone else’s behalf?  Yes.  However, you are considered the  resource “requestor” and are responsible for managing the reservation.  Simply follow the instructions  in this guide to reserve the room. Can I check availability in several rooms at once, like in the old system? Although it is possible  to do this, it is not recommended as you could inadvertently reserve several rooms at once.  To look  at the availability of several rooms at once, click or highlight the rooms (click each room while holding  down the “Ctrl” key).  Then click the “Resource”.  All of the selected rooms will now appear on the  Scheduling tab.  When you are finished, you must remove the resources not being utilized, or these  will be included in your reservation request! Can I book several rooms for one meeting/appointment?  Yes. The room is restricted. What do I do now?  If you attempt to reserve a restricted resource, you will  receive an e-mailed notice that the room is restricted.  This communication will explain how you can  reserve the room or it will instruct you to utilize a different room if a reservation is not possible.  Simply  follow the instructions in the “Room Restricted” confirmation e-mail. Why are certain rooms restricted?  Certain resources (i.e. training rooms, board rooms) are  primarily used by a particular group or department and although every effort is made to allow you  access to all locations, restrictions are necessary to ensure their availability on short notice. Will teleconferencing or other equipment be automatically set up when I reserve a room?  No.   Please continue to contact the appropriate person or department for audio, video or other equipment  needs. Items to Remember Subject Line of Meetings - Be mindful of the title of your meeting (subject line) as this will be visible  when others are checking for room availability. Recurring reservations - Although you can reserve rooms as a recurring event, we ask that  reservations be canceled if the room is not being utilized.  This can easily be done by canceling the  meeting occurrence in Outlook or removing the room from the meeting.  Your failure to comply with  this requirement may result in forfeiture of reservations rights for that room. Conference Room Equipment - You will now be able to determine what equipment is available in  any of the conference rooms.  To do so, simply highlight the room in the Global Address List, and  right-click.  Select Properties and click the “Phone/Notes” tab.  You will see details of the equipment  installed, in the notes area. All inquiries and support issues relating to this system are to be directed to IT’s Helpdesk.    ","[72, 0, 72, 649]","[336, 342]","Quick Reference Guide Quick Reference Guide Quick Reference Guide Quick Reference Guide Quick Reference Guide Quick Reference Guide Quick Reference Guide Quick Reference Guide Quick Reference Guide Quick Reference Guide   Monday, June 24, 2013 8:39 AM This quick guide is an internal document.  It was prepared to assist you with the new conference room  reservations process at Capmark Financial Group. In the coming weeks, IT will be enabling conference room reservations functionality in Microsoft  Outlook.   This change will enable you to reserve corporate conference rooms and other meeting  resources through Microsoft Outlook, rather than Pioneer as you do today.  The conference room  reservations system in Pioneer will then be discontinued and beginning on August 20th, 2007, all  reservations must be made utilizing Outlook.  Please note that reservations already scheduled for  events on or after August 20th must be transferred to the new system before this date.  A report of  your reservations will be provided to help you transfer your reservations. This change of systems consolidates scheduling a meeting and reserving a room into one easy step.   In other words, you no longer have to go to Pioneer and then Outlook to schedule a meeting and  reserve a room.  Another improvement is that the new system also releases a reserved room when  you cancel a meeting, automatically making the room available for potential users.  There are other  benefits to this new system and we will address these in more detail in the next few pages. How Does It Work? The process is fairly simple.  Go to Microsoft Outlook’s calendar to schedule a meeting or  appointment, and select one of the several meeting rooms available.  These are now located in  Outlook’s Global Address list and begin with an exclamation mark (“!”) for ease of identifying and  locating.  It is not a requirement to select the room as a “resource” to check room availability or to  reserve it.  You’re also not required to add meeting attendees to reserve a room.  Once you select a  room and it is displayed in the “To” or “Location” field of the meeting or appointment, click “Send” or  “Save” to finalize the reservation.  That’s it!! The process is explained in a bit more detail, in the following pages. Click the “Calendar” bar from any pane to access  your calendar and schedule a meeting or  appointment.      Depending on your settings, Outlook can look one of several ways when you access it.   From any of  these, you should be able to click the calendar bar. Click “New” to start a new meeting or appointment Click “New” to open the meeting or appointment panel. Fill in the subject line and enter meeting comments  or an agenda. Remember, anyone can see your  subject line text when checking availability of a room  you reserved.   Click the “Scheduling” tab.      Then, click “Add Others” to select and check the availability of a conference room. On the “Scheduling” tab, click the first empty field under “All  Attendees”.  Invite your attendees, if applicable. You can invite the attendees (if applicable) in the “Scheduling” tab, as well as reserve a resource. Meeting resources are now reflected in the Global Address List in  Outlook.  Click the desired room to highlight it and then click  “Resources” to check availability and reserve a room.  Click “OK”  to continue.      Select room availability by moving the green and red bars to the  appropriate time or by selecting the date and time in the highlighted  section below. Blocked times (see blue areas above) are “busy” and  therefore unavailable. When finished, click the “Send’ or “Save” button to schedule the appointment or meeting.  This will  generate an e-mailed confirmation of your reservation, or additional information to assist you if the  resource is restricted or unavailable. Other Features You will now have the ability to see the equipment that is available in each of the meeting resources  as well as the resource’s phone number.  To find these, follow these simple steps: 1. 2. 3. Highlight the desired meeting resource and right-click Click “Properties” in the menu box Click the “Phone/Notes” tab      Click “Properties” to view details of the room/resource you wish to  reserve Select this tab to see the room’s phone number and installed equipment Seating occupancy limit will also be indicated, next to each of the resources in Outlook.  Notice that  you can also see a resource’s phone number in this area. Room’s occupancy limit and phone number      You can also see who is reserving a room by clicking the reservation block and then the details pop  up.  This will not disclose the meeting details; only the organizer and attendees.  This feature only  works on resources.  You will not be able to click an employee’s “busy” time to retrieve meeting  details. Hover over the blue block and then click the details popup box to  disclose the meeting attendees and organizer Frequently Asked Questions What will happen to all my old reservations in Pioneer?  Pioneer reservations will be deleted on  August 20, 2007.  You will need to move your Pioneer reservations into Outlook for all meetings  occurring after August 20, 2007. The new system is available NOW, and you can begin transferring  your reservations from Pioneer immediately.  Outlook will become the corporate system of record as  of August 20, 2007. I have too many reservations after August 20th.  What do I do??!!  You will be provided a report of  your reservations to facilitate your transferring these into Outlook. Is my reservation “final” if I select the open time slot in Outlook?  No.  Although unlikely, it’s       Is my reservation “final” if I select the open time slot in Outlook?  No.  Although unlikely, it’s  possible that another person is booking the same room for the same time slot and clicked “Send” or  “Save” before you did. Therefore, your room is not successfully booked until you receive a  confirmation email from the system.  The confirmation email you receive will serve as a true  confirmation of your reservation. Do I have to cancel a meeting to cancel a room reservation?  No.  Simply remove the room from  the meeting and save the updated meeting.  Remember to include a new meeting location. Do I have to book or select the room as a “Resource” for my reservation to work?  No.  You  can reserve the room as a required, optional attendee, or resource.  The system will automatically  recognize the resource/room as such, and manage it accordingly. Can I be “bumped” out of a room?  No.  The new system will not make it possible for you to be  bumped.   Only IT, in the event of an emergency, can rescind your reservation.  This is very unusual  but if it occurs, you will be contacted with details. Can I reserve a resource on someone else’s behalf?  Yes.  However, you are considered the  resource “requestor” and are responsible for managing the reservation.  Simply follow the instructions  in this guide to reserve the room. Can I check availability in several rooms at once, like in the old system? Although it is possible  to do this, it is not recommended as you could inadvertently reserve several rooms at once.  To look  at the availability of several rooms at once, click or highlight the rooms (click each room while holding  down the “Ctrl” key).  Then click the “Resource”.  All of the selected rooms will now appear on the  Scheduling tab.  When you are finished, you must remove the resources not being utilized, or these  will be included in your reservation request! Can I book several rooms for one meeting/appointment?  Yes. The room is restricted. What do I do now?  If you attempt to reserve a restricted resource, you will  receive an e-mailed notice that the room is restricted.  This communication will explain how you can  reserve the room or it will instruct you to utilize a different room if a reservation is not possible.  Simply  follow the instructions in the “Room Restricted” confirmation e-mail. Why are certain rooms restricted?  Certain resources (i.e. training rooms, board rooms) are  primarily used by a particular group or department and although every effort is made to allow you  access to all locations, restrictions are necessary to ensure their availability on short notice. Will teleconferencing or other equipment be automatically set up when I reserve a room?  No.   Please continue to contact the appropriate person or department for audio, video or other equipment  needs. Items to Remember Subject Line of Meetings - Be mindful of the title of your meeting (subject line) as this will be visible  when others are checking for room availability. Recurring reservations - Although you can reserve rooms as a recurring event, we ask that  reservations be canceled if the room is not being utilized.  This can easily be done by canceling the  meeting occurrence in Outlook or removing the room from the meeting.  Your failure to comply with  this requirement may result in forfeiture of reservations rights for that room. Conference Room Equipment - You will now be able to determine what equipment is available in  any of the conference rooms.  To do so, simply highlight the room in the Global Address List, and  right-click.  Select Properties and click the “Phone/Notes” tab.  You will see details of the equipment  installed, in the notes area. All inquiries and support issues relating to this system are to be directed to IT’s Helpdesk.    ","quick reference guide quick reference guide quick reference guide quick reference guide quick reference guide quick reference guide quick reference guide quick reference guide quick reference guide quick reference guide monday, june 24, 2013 8:39 quick guide internal document. prepare assist new conference room reservations process capmark financial group. come weeks, enable conference room reservations functionality microsoft outlook. change enable reserve corporate conference room meet resources microsoft outlook, rather pioneer today. conference room reservations system pioneer discontinue begin august 20th, 2007, reservations must make utilize outlook. please note reservations already schedule events august 20th must transfer new system date. report reservations provide help transfer reservations. change systems consolidate schedule meet reserve room one easy step. words, longer go pioneer outlook schedule meet reserve room. another improvement new system also release reserve room cancel meeting, automatically make room available potential users. benefit new system address detail next pages. work process fairly simple. go microsoft outlook’s calendar schedule meet appointment, select one several meet room available. locate outlook’s global address list begin exclamation mark (“!”) ease identify locating. requirement select room “resource” check room availability reserve it. you’re also require add meet attendees reserve room. select room display “to” “location” field meet appointment, click “send” “save” finalize reservation. that’s it!! process explain bite detail, follow pages. click “calendar” bar pane access calendar schedule meet appointment. depend settings, outlook look one several ways access it. these, able click calendar bar. click “new” start new meet appointment click “new” open meet appointment panel. fill subject line enter meet comment agenda. remember, anyone see subject line text check availability room reserved. click “scheduling” tab. then, click “add others” select check availability conference room. “scheduling” tab, click first empty field “all attendees”. invite attendees, applicable. invite attendees (if applicable) “scheduling” tab, well reserve resource. meet resources reflect global address list outlook. click desire room highlight click “resources” check availability reserve room. click “ok” continue. select room availability move green red bar appropriate time select date time highlight section below. block time (see blue areas above) “busy” therefore unavailable. finished, click “send’ “save” button schedule appointment meeting. generate e-mail confirmation reservation, additional information assist resource restrict unavailable. feature ability see equipment available meet resources well resource’s phone number. find these, follow simple steps: 1. 2. 3. highlight desire meet resource right-click click “properties” menu box click “phone/notes” tab click “properties” view detail room/resource wish reserve select tab see room’s phone number instal equipment seat occupancy limit also indicated, next resources outlook. notice also see resource’s phone number area. room’s occupancy limit phone number also see reserve room click reservation block detail pop up. disclose meet details; organizer attendees. feature work resources. able click employee’s “busy” time retrieve meet details. hover blue block click detail popup box disclose meet attendees organizer frequently ask question happen old reservations pioneer pioneer reservations delete august 20, 2007. need move pioneer reservations outlook meet occur august 20, 2007. new system available now, begin transfer reservations pioneer immediately. outlook become corporate system record august 20, 2007. many reservations august 20th. do!! provide report reservations facilitate transfer outlook. reservation “final” select open time slot outlook no. although unlikely, it’s reservation “final” select open time slot outlook no. although unlikely, it’s possible another person book room time slot click “send” “save” did. therefore, room successfully book receive confirmation email system. confirmation email receive serve true confirmation reservation. cancel meet cancel room reservation no. simply remove room meet save update meeting. remember include new meet location. book select room “resource” reservation work no. reserve room required, optional attendee, resource. system automatically recognize resource/room such, manage accordingly. “bumped” room no. new system make possible bumped. it, event emergency, rescind reservation. unusual occurs, contact details. reserve resource someone else’s behalf yes. however, consider resource “requestor” responsible manage reservation. simply follow instructions guide reserve room. check availability several room once, like old system although possible this, recommend could inadvertently reserve several room once. look availability several room once, click highlight room (click room hold “ctrl” key). click “resource”. select room appear schedule tab. finished, must remove resources utilized, include reservation request! book several room one meeting/appointment yes. room restricted. now attempt reserve restrict resource, receive e-mail notice room restricted. communication explain reserve room instruct utilize different room reservation possible. simply follow instructions “room restricted” confirmation e-mail. certain room restricted certain resources (i.e. train rooms, board rooms) primarily use particular group department although every effort make allow access locations, restrictions necessary ensure availability short notice. teleconferencing equipment automatically set reserve room no. please continue contact appropriate person department audio, video equipment needs. items remember subject line meet - mindful title meet (subject line) visible others check room availability. recur reservations - although reserve room recur event, ask reservations cancel room utilized. easily do cancel meet occurrence outlook remove room meeting. failure comply requirement may result forfeiture reservations right room. conference room equipment - able determine equipment available conference rooms. so, simply highlight room global address list, right-click. select properties click “phone/notes” tab. see detail equipment installed, note area. inquiries support issue relate system direct it’s helpdesk.","Quick Reference Guide Quick Reference Guide   Monday, June 24, 2013 8:39 AM This quick guide is an internal document.  It was prepared to assist you with the new conference room  reservations process at Capmark Financial Group. In the coming weeks, IT will be enabling conference room reservations functionality in Microsoft  Outlook.   This change will enable you to reserve corporate conference rooms and other meeting  resources through Microsoft Outlook, rather than Pioneer as you do today.  The conference room  reservations system in Pioneer will then be discontinued and beginning on August 20th, 2007, all  reservations must be made utilizing Outlook.  Please note that reservations already scheduled for  events on or after August 20th must be transferred to the new system before this date.  A report of  your reservations will be provided to help you transfer your reservations. This change of systems consolidates scheduling a meeting and reserving a room into one easy step.   In other words, you no longer have to go to Pioneer and then Outlook to schedule a meeting and  reserve a room.  Another improvement is that the new system also releases a reserved room when  you cancel a meeting, automatically making the room available for potential users.  There are other  benefits to this new system and we will address these in more detail in the next few pages. How Does It Work? The process is fairly simple.  Go to Microsoft Outlook’s calendar to schedule a meeting or  appointment, and select one of the several meeting rooms available.  These are now located in  Outlook’s Global Address list and begin with an exclamation mark (“!”) for ease of identifying and  locating.  It is not a requirement to select the room as a “resource” to check room availability or to  reserve it.  You’re also not required to add meeting attendees to reserve a room.  Once you select a  room and it is displayed in the “To” or “Location” field of the meeting or appointment, click “Send” or  “Save” to finalize the reservation.  That’s it!! The process is explained in a bit more detail, in the following pages. Click the “Calendar” bar from any pane to access  your calendar and schedule a meeting or  appointment.      Depending on your settings, Outlook can look one of several ways when you access it.   From any of  these, you should be able to click the calendar bar. Click “New” to start a new meeting or appointment Click “New” to open the meeting or appointment panel. Fill in the subject line and enter meeting comments  or an agenda. Remember, anyone can see your  subject line text when checking availability of a room  you reserved.   Click the “Scheduling” tab.      Then, click “Add Others” to select and check the availability of a conference room. On the “Scheduling” tab, click the first empty field under “All  Attendees”.  Invite your attendees, if applicable. You can invite the attendees (if applicable) in the “Scheduling” tab, as well as reserve a resource. Meeting resources are now reflected in the Global Address List in  Outlook.  Click the desired room to highlight it and then click  “Resources” to check availability and reserve a room.  Click “OK”  to continue.      Select room availability by moving the green and red bars to the  appropriate time or by selecting the date and time in the highlighted  section below. Blocked times (see blue areas above) are “busy” and  therefore unavailable. When finished, click the “Send’ or “Save” button to schedule the appointment or meeting.  This will  generate an e-mailed confirmation of your reservation, or additional information to assist you if the  resource is restricted or unavailable. Other Features You will now have the ability to see the equipment that is available in each of the meeting resources  as well as the resource’s phone number.  To find these, follow these simple steps: 1. 2. 3. Highlight the desired meeting resource and right-click Click “Properties” in the menu box Click the “Phone/Notes” tab      Click “Properties” to view details of the room/resource you wish to  reserve Select this tab to see the room’s phone number and installed equipment Seating occupancy limit will also be indicated, next to each of the resources in Outlook.  Notice that  you can also see a resource’s phone number in this area. Room’s occupancy limit and phone number      You can also see who is reserving a room by clicking the reservation block and then the details pop  up.  This will not disclose the meeting details; only the organizer and attendees.  This feature only  works on resources.  You will not be able to click an employee’s “busy” time to retrieve meeting  details. Hover over the blue block and then click the details popup box to  disclose the meeting attendees and organizer Frequently Asked Questions What will happen to all my old reservations in Pioneer?  Pioneer reservations will be deleted on  August 20, 2007.  You will need to move your Pioneer reservations into Outlook for all meetings  occurring after August 20, 2007. The new system is available NOW, and you can begin transferring  your reservations from Pioneer immediately.  Outlook will become the corporate system of record as  of August 20, 2007. I have too many reservations after August 20th.  What do I do??!!  You will be provided a report of  your reservations to facilitate your transferring these into Outlook. Is my reservation “final” if I select the open time slot in Outlook?  No.  Although unlikely, it’s       Is my reservation “final” if I select the open time slot in Outlook?  No.  Although unlikely, it’s  possible that another person is booking the same room for the same time slot and clicked “Send” or  “Save” before you did. Therefore, your room is not successfully booked until you receive a  confirmation email from the system.  The confirmation email you receive will serve as a true  confirmation of your reservation. Do I have to cancel a meeting to cancel a room reservation?  No.  Simply remove the room from  the meeting and save the updated meeting.  Remember to include a new meeting location. Do I have to book or select the room as a “Resource” for my reservation to work?  No.  You  can reserve the room as a required, optional attendee, or resource.  The system will automatically  recognize the resource/room as such, and manage it accordingly. Can I be “bumped” out of a room?  No.  The new system will not make it possible for you to be  bumped.   Only IT, in the event of an emergency, can rescind your reservation.  This is very unusual  but if it occurs, you will be contacted with details. Can I reserve a resource on someone else’s behalf?  Yes.  However, you are considered the  resource “requestor” and are responsible for managing the reservation.  Simply follow the instructions  in this guide to reserve the room. Can I check availability in several rooms at once, like in the old system? Although it is possible  to do this, it is not recommended as you could inadvertently reserve several rooms at once.  To look  at the availability of several rooms at once, click or highlight the rooms (click each room while holding  down the “Ctrl” key).  Then click the “Resource”.  All of the selected rooms will now appear on the  Scheduling tab.  When you are finished, you must remove the resources not being utilized, or these  will be included in your reservation request! Can I book several rooms for one meeting/appointment?  Yes. The room is restricted. What do I do now?  If you attempt to reserve a restricted resource, you will  receive an e-mailed notice that the room is restricted.  This communication will explain how you can  reserve the room or it will instruct you to utilize a different room if a reservation is not possible.  Simply  follow the instructions in the “Room Restricted” confirmation e-mail. Why are certain rooms restricted?  Certain resources (i.e. training rooms, board rooms) are  primarily used by a particular group or department and although every effort is made to allow you  access to all locations, restrictions are necessary to ensure their availability on short notice. Will teleconferencing or other equipment be automatically set up when I reserve a room?  No.   Please continue to contact the appropriate person or department for audio, video or other equipment  needs. Items to Remember Subject Line of Meetings - Be mindful of the title of your meeting (subject line) as this will be visible  when others are checking for room availability. Recurring reservations - Although you can reserve rooms as a recurring event, we ask that  reservations be canceled if the room is not being utilized.  This can easily be done by canceling the  meeting occurrence in Outlook or removing the room from the meeting.  Your failure to comply with  this requirement may result in forfeiture of reservations rights for that room. Conference Room Equipment - You will now be able to determine what equipment is available in  any of the conference rooms.  To do so, simply highlight the room in the Global Address List, and  right-click.  Select Properties and click the “Phone/Notes” tab.  You will see details of the equipment  installed, in the notes area. All inquiries and support issues relating to this system are to be directed to IT’s Helpdesk.    ","quick reference guide quick reference guide monday, june 24, 2013 8:39 quick guide internal document. prepare assist new conference room reservations process capmark financial group. come weeks, enable conference room reservations functionality microsoft outlook. change enable reserve corporate conference room meet resources microsoft outlook, rather pioneer today. conference room reservations system pioneer discontinue begin august 20th, 2007, reservations must make utilize outlook. please note reservations already schedule events august 20th must transfer new system date. report reservations provide help transfer reservations. change systems consolidate schedule meet reserve room one easy step. words, longer go pioneer outlook schedule meet reserve room. another improvement new system also release reserve room cancel meeting, automatically make room available potential users. benefit new system address detail next pages. work process fairly simple. go microsoft outlook’s calendar schedule meet appointment, select one several meet room available. locate outlook’s global address list begin exclamation mark (“!”) ease identify locating. requirement select room “resource” check room availability reserve it. you’re also require add meet attendees reserve room. select room display “to” “location” field meet appointment, click “send” “save” finalize reservation. that’s it!! process explain bite detail, follow pages. click “calendar” bar pane access calendar schedule meet appointment. depend settings, outlook look one several ways access it. these, able click calendar bar. click “new” start new meet appointment click “new” open meet appointment panel. fill subject line enter meet comment agenda. remember, anyone see subject line text check availability room reserved. click “scheduling” tab. then, click “add others” select check availability conference room. “scheduling” tab, click first empty field “all attendees”. invite attendees, applicable. invite attendees (if applicable) “scheduling” tab, well reserve resource. meet resources reflect global address list outlook. click desire room highlight click “resources” check availability reserve room. click “ok” continue. select room availability move green red bar appropriate time select date time highlight section below. block time (see blue areas above) “busy” therefore unavailable. finished, click “send’ “save” button schedule appointment meeting. generate e-mail confirmation reservation, additional information assist resource restrict unavailable. feature ability see equipment available meet resources well resource’s phone number. find these, follow simple steps: 1. 2. 3. highlight desire meet resource right-click click “properties” menu box click “phone/notes” tab click “properties” view detail room/resource wish reserve select tab see room’s phone number instal equipment seat occupancy limit also indicated, next resources outlook. notice also see resource’s phone number area. room’s occupancy limit phone number also see reserve room click reservation block detail pop up. disclose meet details; organizer attendees. feature work resources. able click employee’s “busy” time retrieve meet details. hover blue block click detail popup box disclose meet attendees organizer frequently ask question happen old reservations pioneer pioneer reservations delete august 20, 2007. need move pioneer reservations outlook meet occur august 20, 2007. new system available now, begin transfer reservations pioneer immediately. outlook become corporate system record august 20, 2007. many reservations august 20th. do!! provide report reservations facilitate transfer outlook. reservation “final” select open time slot outlook no. although unlikely, it’s reservation “final” select open time slot outlook no. although unlikely, it’s possible another person book room time slot click “send” “save” did. therefore, room successfully book receive confirmation email system. confirmation email receive serve true confirmation reservation. cancel meet cancel room reservation no. simply remove room meet save update meeting. remember include new meet location. book select room “resource” reservation work no. reserve room required, optional attendee, resource. system automatically recognize resource/room such, manage accordingly. “bumped” room no. new system make possible bumped. it, event emergency, rescind reservation. unusual occurs, contact details. reserve resource someone else’s behalf yes. however, consider resource “requestor” responsible manage reservation. simply follow instructions guide reserve room. check availability several room once, like old system although possible this, recommend could inadvertently reserve several room once. look availability several room once, click highlight room (click room hold “ctrl” key). click “resource”. select room appear schedule tab. finished, must remove resources utilized, include reservation request! book several room one meeting/appointment yes. room restricted. now attempt reserve restrict resource, receive e-mail notice room restricted. communication explain reserve room instruct utilize different room reservation possible. simply follow instructions “room restricted” confirmation e-mail. certain room restricted certain resources (i.e. train rooms, board rooms) primarily use particular group department although every effort make allow access locations, restrictions necessary ensure availability short notice. teleconferencing equipment automatically set reserve room no. please continue contact appropriate person department audio, video equipment needs. items remember subject line meet - mindful title meet (subject line) visible others check room availability. recur reservations - although reserve room recur event, ask reservations cancel room utilized. easily do cancel meet occurrence outlook remove room meeting. failure comply requirement may result forfeiture reservations right room. conference room equipment - able determine equipment available conference rooms. so, simply highlight room global address list, right-click. select properties click “phone/notes” tab. see detail equipment installed, note area. inquiries support issue relate system direct it’s helpdesk."
346,RD WEB ACCESS," Thursday, December 13, 2012 12:00 PM  Thursday, December 13, 2012 12:00 PM http://remote.berkadia.com    - Use Internet Explorer 7, 8, 9, and 10(windows8) use GMACCM\USERNAME format If you are using Windows XP , you may need to apply a few  fixes to the Operating System for RD       If you are using Windows XP , you may need to apply a few  fixes to the Operating System for RD  Web to function. At the bottom of the main login page on http://remote.berkadia.com you sill see 3 links (pictured  below)  Click on each one and install the necessary fixes.  You wil be prompted to restart your  computer. Once logged in, you will see the remote applications screen – You also have the option to  select Remote Desktop at the top. Choose the application you’d like to use and select  ‘Connect’ when prompted – You may also  check the box on the left side the says ‘Don’t ask me again for remote connections from this  Publisher’ to not see these prompts again      Your Application will open up (in this case the H: drive)    ","[69, 0, 69, 780]","[490, 492]","RD WEB ACCESS RD WEB ACCESS RD WEB ACCESS RD WEB ACCESS RD WEB ACCESS RD WEB ACCESS RD WEB ACCESS RD WEB ACCESS RD WEB ACCESS RD WEB ACCESS   Thursday, December 13, 2012 12:00 PM  Thursday, December 13, 2012 12:00 PM http://remote.berkadia.com    - Use Internet Explorer 7, 8, 9, and 10(windows8) use GMACCM\USERNAME format If you are using Windows XP , you may need to apply a few  fixes to the Operating System for RD       If you are using Windows XP , you may need to apply a few  fixes to the Operating System for RD  Web to function. At the bottom of the main login page on http://remote.berkadia.com you sill see 3 links (pictured  below)  Click on each one and install the necessary fixes.  You wil be prompted to restart your  computer. Once logged in, you will see the remote applications screen – You also have the option to  select Remote Desktop at the top. Choose the application you’d like to use and select  ‘Connect’ when prompted – You may also  check the box on the left side the says ‘Don’t ask me again for remote connections from this  Publisher’ to not see these prompts again      Your Application will open up (in this case the H: drive)    ","rd web access rd web access rd web access rd web access rd web access rd web access rd web access rd web access rd web access rd web access thursday, december 13, 2012 12:00 pm thursday, december 13, 2012 12:00 pm http://remote.berkadia.com - use internet explorer 7, 8, 9, 10(windows8) use gmaccm\username format use windows xp , may need apply fix operate system rd use windows xp , may need apply fix operate system rd web function. bottom main login page http://remote.berkadia.com sill see 3 link (pictured below) click one install necessary fixes. wil prompt restart computer. log in, see remote applications screen – also option select remote desktop top. choose application you’d like use select ‘connect’ prompt – may also check box leave side say ‘don’t ask remote connections publisher’ see prompt application open (in case h: drive)","RD WEB ACCESS RD WEB ACCESS   Thursday, December 13, 2012 12:00 PM  Thursday, December 13, 2012 12:00 PM http://remote.berkadia.com    - Use Internet Explorer 7, 8, 9, and 10(windows8) use GMACCM\USERNAME format If you are using Windows XP , you may need to apply a few  fixes to the Operating System for RD       If you are using Windows XP , you may need to apply a few  fixes to the Operating System for RD  Web to function. At the bottom of the main login page on http://remote.berkadia.com you sill see 3 links (pictured  below)  Click on each one and install the necessary fixes.  You wil be prompted to restart your  computer. Once logged in, you will see the remote applications screen – You also have the option to  select Remote Desktop at the top. Choose the application you’d like to use and select  ‘Connect’ when prompted – You may also  check the box on the left side the says ‘Don’t ask me again for remote connections from this  Publisher’ to not see these prompts again      Your Application will open up (in this case the H: drive)    ","rd web access rd web access thursday, december 13, 2012 12:00 pm thursday, december 13, 2012 12:00 pm http://remote.berkadia.com - use internet explorer 7, 8, 9, 10(windows8) use gmaccm\username format use windows xp , may need apply fix operate system rd use windows xp , may need apply fix operate system rd web function. bottom main login page http://remote.berkadia.com sill see 3 link (pictured below) click one install necessary fixes. wil prompt restart computer. log in, see remote applications screen – also option select remote desktop top. choose application you’d like use select ‘connect’ prompt – may also check box leave side say ‘don’t ask remote connections publisher’ see prompt application open (in case h: drive)"
347,Rebuild Windows User Profile," Thursday, April 07, 2016 5:10 PM Recreating Windows ... Recreate a user profile From the User’s account:  Open Outlook and make sure you take note of all mailboxes the user has. Most of the time it  will be their personal mailbox and their online archive. If there are additional mailboxes,  please copy the names down to be added later.  Open Windows Explorer, write down all network drives connected to the device. It should  map on rebuilding profile but you might have to map one that isn’t automatically mapped  on login.  Open Devices and Printers, write down all networked printers connected to the device. You  will need to remap these after the profile rebuild.  Log off the machine. Login with your ADM account on the computer. Open a Windows Explorer window (referred as WE1 moving forward). Write down all  network drives connected to the device. It should map on rebuilding profile but you might  have to map one that isn’t automatically mapped on login.  Navigate to C:\Users\ and open the user’s profile folder.  Press Alt on the keyboard to show menu toolbar. Click on “Tools” then click on “Folder  Options”. Click “View” tab at the top and then click “Show Hidden Files, Folders, and Drives”  and then click OK.  It is helpful to open a second Windows Explorer window (referred as WE2 moving forward).       It is helpful to open a second Windows Explorer window (referred as WE2 moving forward).  In this new window, click on the User’s H: drive. Create a folder inside the H: drive called  Profile Backup. Go back to the WE1 with the users profile open, copy the following folders to WE2 (Profile  Backup): Go back to WE1 and click on the AppData folder. Navigate to the following folder: Local \Google\Chrome\User Data\Default and copy Bookmarks and Bookmarks.bak to the Profile  Backup folder in WE2.  Once all data has been backed up, go to C:\Users and delete the user’s profile.  Click Start, type regedit in the Start Search box, and then right click on regedit and select  “run as administrator”.  Locate the following registry subkey:  HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows NT\CurrentVersion\ProfileList Under the ProfileList subkey, delete the subkey that contains the ProfileImagePath registry  entry that points to the original profile folder of the user account that is experiencing the  problem. Delete this Subkey  Exit Registry Editor.  Log off and have user log back into the system with their credentials. It will create a new       Log off and have user log back into the system with their credentials. It will create a new  user profile.  Please make sure to open the users “Profile Backup” on their H: drive and copy/paste the  folders we created earlier back to C:\Users\(users folder). Click OK to accept the file  merge/copy.  Please copy/paste the Bookmarks and Bookmarks.bak file to:  C:\Users\(users folder)\AppData\Local\Google\Chrome\User Data\Default.  Relaunch Outlook and have it rebuild users mail profile. Add any additional mailboxes that  are needed.  Remap any network drives and printers that need to be added on the machine after  rebuilding.  If you created the new user profile because of an issue they are experiencing on their  computer. Please have the user test after the profile rebuild to see that it resolved the issue  successfully.     ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[661, 663]","Rebuild Windows User Profile Rebuild Windows User Profile Rebuild Windows User Profile Rebuild Windows User Profile Rebuild Windows User Profile Rebuild Windows User Profile Rebuild Windows User Profile Rebuild Windows User Profile Rebuild Windows User Profile Rebuild Windows User Profile   Thursday, April 07, 2016 5:10 PM Recreating Windows ... Recreate a user profile From the User’s account:  Open Outlook and make sure you take note of all mailboxes the user has. Most of the time it  will be their personal mailbox and their online archive. If there are additional mailboxes,  please copy the names down to be added later.  Open Windows Explorer, write down all network drives connected to the device. It should  map on rebuilding profile but you might have to map one that isn’t automatically mapped  on login.  Open Devices and Printers, write down all networked printers connected to the device. You  will need to remap these after the profile rebuild.  Log off the machine. Login with your ADM account on the computer. Open a Windows Explorer window (referred as WE1 moving forward). Write down all  network drives connected to the device. It should map on rebuilding profile but you might  have to map one that isn’t automatically mapped on login.  Navigate to C:\Users\ and open the user’s profile folder.  Press Alt on the keyboard to show menu toolbar. Click on “Tools” then click on “Folder  Options”. Click “View” tab at the top and then click “Show Hidden Files, Folders, and Drives”  and then click OK.  It is helpful to open a second Windows Explorer window (referred as WE2 moving forward).       It is helpful to open a second Windows Explorer window (referred as WE2 moving forward).  In this new window, click on the User’s H: drive. Create a folder inside the H: drive called  Profile Backup. Go back to the WE1 with the users profile open, copy the following folders to WE2 (Profile  Backup): Go back to WE1 and click on the AppData folder. Navigate to the following folder: Local \Google\Chrome\User Data\Default and copy Bookmarks and Bookmarks.bak to the Profile  Backup folder in WE2.  Once all data has been backed up, go to C:\Users and delete the user’s profile.  Click Start, type regedit in the Start Search box, and then right click on regedit and select  “run as administrator”.  Locate the following registry subkey:  HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows NT\CurrentVersion\ProfileList Under the ProfileList subkey, delete the subkey that contains the ProfileImagePath registry  entry that points to the original profile folder of the user account that is experiencing the  problem. Delete this Subkey  Exit Registry Editor.  Log off and have user log back into the system with their credentials. It will create a new       Log off and have user log back into the system with their credentials. It will create a new  user profile.  Please make sure to open the users “Profile Backup” on their H: drive and copy/paste the  folders we created earlier back to C:\Users\(users folder). Click OK to accept the file  merge/copy.  Please copy/paste the Bookmarks and Bookmarks.bak file to:  C:\Users\(users folder)\AppData\Local\Google\Chrome\User Data\Default.  Relaunch Outlook and have it rebuild users mail profile. Add any additional mailboxes that  are needed.  Remap any network drives and printers that need to be added on the machine after  rebuilding.  If you created the new user profile because of an issue they are experiencing on their  computer. Please have the user test after the profile rebuild to see that it resolved the issue  successfully.     ","rebuild windows user profile rebuild windows user profile rebuild windows user profile rebuild windows user profile rebuild windows user profile rebuild windows user profile rebuild windows user profile rebuild windows user profile rebuild windows user profile rebuild windows user profile thursday, april 07, 2016 5:10 pm recreate windows ... recreate user profile user’s account: open outlook make sure take note mailboxes user has. time personal mailbox online archive. additional mailboxes, please copy name add later. open windows explorer, write network drive connect device. map rebuild profile might map one isn’t automatically map login. open devices printers, write network printers connect device. need remap profile rebuild. log machine. login adm account computer. open windows explorer window (referred we1 move forward). write network drive connect device. map rebuild profile might map one isn’t automatically map login. navigate c:\users\ open user’s profile folder. press alt keyboard show menu toolbar. click “tools” click “folder options”. click “view” tab top click “show hide files, folders, drives” click ok. helpful open second windows explorer window (referred we2 move forward). helpful open second windows explorer window (referred we2 move forward). new window, click user’s h: drive. create folder inside h: drive call profile backup. go back we1 users profile open, copy follow folders we2 (profile backup): go back we1 click appdata folder. navigate follow folder: local \google\chrome\user data\default copy bookmarks bookmarks.bak profile backup folder we2. data back up, go c:\users delete user’s profile. click start, type regedit start search box, right click regedit select “run administrator”. locate follow registry subkey: hkey_local_machine\software\microsoft\windows nt\currentversion\profilelist profilelist subkey, delete subkey contain profileimagepath registry entry point original profile folder user account experience problem. delete subkey exit registry editor. log user log back system credentials. create new log user log back system credentials. create new user profile. please make sure open users “profile backup” h: drive copy/paste folders create earlier back c:\users\(users folder). click ok accept file merge/copy. please copy/paste bookmarks bookmarks.bak file to: c:\users\(users folder)\appdata\local\google\chrome\user data\default. relaunch outlook rebuild users mail profile. add additional mailboxes needed. remap network drive printers need add machine rebuilding. create new user profile issue experience computer. please user test profile rebuild see resolve issue successfully.","Rebuild Windows User Profile Rebuild Windows User Profile   Thursday, April 07, 2016 5:10 PM Recreating Windows ... Recreate a user profile From the User’s account:  Open Outlook and make sure you take note of all mailboxes the user has. Most of the time it  will be their personal mailbox and their online archive. If there are additional mailboxes,  please copy the names down to be added later.  Open Windows Explorer, write down all network drives connected to the device. It should  map on rebuilding profile but you might have to map one that isn’t automatically mapped  on login.  Open Devices and Printers, write down all networked printers connected to the device. You  will need to remap these after the profile rebuild.  Log off the machine. Login with your ADM account on the computer. Open a Windows Explorer window (referred as WE1 moving forward). Write down all  network drives connected to the device. It should map on rebuilding profile but you might  have to map one that isn’t automatically mapped on login.  Navigate to C:\Users\ and open the user’s profile folder.  Press Alt on the keyboard to show menu toolbar. Click on “Tools” then click on “Folder  Options”. Click “View” tab at the top and then click “Show Hidden Files, Folders, and Drives”  and then click OK.  It is helpful to open a second Windows Explorer window (referred as WE2 moving forward).       It is helpful to open a second Windows Explorer window (referred as WE2 moving forward).  In this new window, click on the User’s H: drive. Create a folder inside the H: drive called  Profile Backup. Go back to the WE1 with the users profile open, copy the following folders to WE2 (Profile  Backup): Go back to WE1 and click on the AppData folder. Navigate to the following folder: Local \Google\Chrome\User Data\Default and copy Bookmarks and Bookmarks.bak to the Profile  Backup folder in WE2.  Once all data has been backed up, go to C:\Users and delete the user’s profile.  Click Start, type regedit in the Start Search box, and then right click on regedit and select  “run as administrator”.  Locate the following registry subkey:  HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows NT\CurrentVersion\ProfileList Under the ProfileList subkey, delete the subkey that contains the ProfileImagePath registry  entry that points to the original profile folder of the user account that is experiencing the  problem. Delete this Subkey  Exit Registry Editor.  Log off and have user log back into the system with their credentials. It will create a new       Log off and have user log back into the system with their credentials. It will create a new  user profile.  Please make sure to open the users “Profile Backup” on their H: drive and copy/paste the  folders we created earlier back to C:\Users\(users folder). Click OK to accept the file  merge/copy.  Please copy/paste the Bookmarks and Bookmarks.bak file to:  C:\Users\(users folder)\AppData\Local\Google\Chrome\User Data\Default.  Relaunch Outlook and have it rebuild users mail profile. Add any additional mailboxes that  are needed.  Remap any network drives and printers that need to be added on the machine after  rebuilding.  If you created the new user profile because of an issue they are experiencing on their  computer. Please have the user test after the profile rebuild to see that it resolved the issue  successfully.     ","rebuild windows user profile rebuild windows user profile thursday, april 07, 2016 5:10 pm recreate windows ... recreate user profile user’s account: open outlook make sure take note mailboxes user has. time personal mailbox online archive. additional mailboxes, please copy name add later. open windows explorer, write network drive connect device. map rebuild profile might map one isn’t automatically map login. open devices printers, write network printers connect device. need remap profile rebuild. log machine. login adm account computer. open windows explorer window (referred we1 move forward). write network drive connect device. map rebuild profile might map one isn’t automatically map login. navigate c:\users\ open user’s profile folder. press alt keyboard show menu toolbar. click “tools” click “folder options”. click “view” tab top click “show hide files, folders, drives” click ok. helpful open second windows explorer window (referred we2 move forward). helpful open second windows explorer window (referred we2 move forward). new window, click user’s h: drive. create folder inside h: drive call profile backup. go back we1 users profile open, copy follow folders we2 (profile backup): go back we1 click appdata folder. navigate follow folder: local \google\chrome\user data\default copy bookmarks bookmarks.bak profile backup folder we2. data back up, go c:\users delete user’s profile. click start, type regedit start search box, right click regedit select “run administrator”. locate follow registry subkey: hkey_local_machine\software\microsoft\windows nt\currentversion\profilelist profilelist subkey, delete subkey contain profileimagepath registry entry point original profile folder user account experience problem. delete subkey exit registry editor. log user log back system credentials. create new log user log back system credentials. create new user profile. please make sure open users “profile backup” h: drive copy/paste folders create earlier back c:\users\(users folder). click ok accept file merge/copy. please copy/paste bookmarks bookmarks.bak file to: c:\users\(users folder)\appdata\local\google\chrome\user data\default. relaunch outlook rebuild users mail profile. add additional mailboxes needed. remap network drive printers need add machine rebuilding. create new user profile issue experience computer. please user test profile rebuild see resolve issue successfully."
348,Release Print Jobs," Monday, December 14, 2015 10:37 AM","[62, 771, 215, 779]",[1095],"Release Print Jobs Release Print Jobs Release Print Jobs Release Print Jobs Release Print Jobs Release Print Jobs Release Print Jobs Release Print Jobs Release Print Jobs Release Print Jobs   Monday, December 14, 2015 10:37 AM","release print job release print job release print job release print job release print job release print job release print job release print job release print job release print job monday, december 14, 2015 10:37","Release Print Jobs Release Print Jobs   Monday, December 14, 2015 10:37 AM","release print job release print job monday, december 14, 2015 10:37"
349,Remote Access - remote.berkadia.com," Sunday, April 17, 2016 10:00 PM The most common type of remote access for users working externally is remote.berkadia.com. Users  can access remote apps that run virtually and also remote into their office computer (if powered up  and functional).  *Remote.Berkadia.com is incompatible with Microsoft Edge which is typically the default browser  in Windows 7* The user will need to open remote.berkadia.com using Internet Explorer, if another browser is used  they will see the error message below after logging in: Once opened under Internet Explorer, the user will need to type in the domain name “gmaccm\”  before their username and then their password into the appropriate fields seen below. Click “sign  in.”      The public/shared computer option should be selected when someone is using a PC that is not their  own or in public location as the username field will not be remembered. The first screen displayed  will be remote apps. What’s  displayed is managed by AD security groups. You can click on individual  apps as needed and then click “connect.” Typically it may take a minute or so to fully launch. The alternate option is “remote desktop.” When selected, it will take you to the screen below. The  user will need to be in the “RD Gateway – Users” group as well as the “remote desktop users” group  under compmgmt.msc on their local PC to proceed further. The computer name field would be the user’s local PC name, in many cases this will match up with  their site name/user name (ie. PAAMB for Ambler office). There will be exceptions to this rule as a  user may have received a computer that was repurposed for them and not renamed.      There will be a confirmation menu, click “connect.” There will be a login prompt after. Keep in mind you’ll need to enter the domain name prior to the  username. See below for an example, then click “ok.”      The user will then see a login window for their local PC, due to group policy restrictions they will  need to log in with the same username and password one last time. They should then be connected  to their office PC    ","[72, 0, 72, 779]","[133, 136]","Remote Access - remote.berkadia.com Remote Access - remote.berkadia.com Remote Access - remote.berkadia.com Remote Access - remote.berkadia.com Remote Access - remote.berkadia.com Remote Access - remote.berkadia.com Remote Access - remote.berkadia.com Remote Access - remote.berkadia.com Remote Access - remote.berkadia.com Remote Access - remote.berkadia.com   Sunday, April 17, 2016 10:00 PM The most common type of remote access for users working externally is remote.berkadia.com. Users  can access remote apps that run virtually and also remote into their office computer (if powered up  and functional).  *Remote.Berkadia.com is incompatible with Microsoft Edge which is typically the default browser  in Windows 7* The user will need to open remote.berkadia.com using Internet Explorer, if another browser is used  they will see the error message below after logging in: Once opened under Internet Explorer, the user will need to type in the domain name “gmaccm\”  before their username and then their password into the appropriate fields seen below. Click “sign  in.”      The public/shared computer option should be selected when someone is using a PC that is not their  own or in public location as the username field will not be remembered. The first screen displayed  will be remote apps. What’s  displayed is managed by AD security groups. You can click on individual  apps as needed and then click “connect.” Typically it may take a minute or so to fully launch. The alternate option is “remote desktop.” When selected, it will take you to the screen below. The  user will need to be in the “RD Gateway – Users” group as well as the “remote desktop users” group  under compmgmt.msc on their local PC to proceed further. The computer name field would be the user’s local PC name, in many cases this will match up with  their site name/user name (ie. PAAMB for Ambler office). There will be exceptions to this rule as a  user may have received a computer that was repurposed for them and not renamed.      There will be a confirmation menu, click “connect.” There will be a login prompt after. Keep in mind you’ll need to enter the domain name prior to the  username. See below for an example, then click “ok.”      The user will then see a login window for their local PC, due to group policy restrictions they will  need to log in with the same username and password one last time. They should then be connected  to their office PC    ","remote access - remote.berkadia.com remote access - remote.berkadia.com remote access - remote.berkadia.com remote access - remote.berkadia.com remote access - remote.berkadia.com remote access - remote.berkadia.com remote access - remote.berkadia.com remote access - remote.berkadia.com remote access - remote.berkadia.com remote access - remote.berkadia.com sunday, april 17, 2016 10:00 pm common type remote access users work externally remote.berkadia.com. users access remote apps run virtually also remote office computer (if power functional). *remote.berkadia.com incompatible microsoft edge typically default browser windows 7* user need open remote.berkadia.com use internet explorer, another browser use see error message log in: open internet explorer, user need type domain name “gmaccm\” username password appropriate field see below. click “sign in.” public/shared computer option select someone use pc public location username field remembered. first screen display remote apps. what’s display manage ad security groups. click individual apps need click “connect.” typically may take minute fully launch. alternate option “remote desktop.” selected, take screen below. user need “rd gateway – users” group well “remote desktop users” group compmgmt.msc local pc proceed further. computer name field would user’s local pc name, many case match site name/user name (ie. paamb ambler office). exceptions rule user may receive computer repurposed renamed. confirmation menu, click “connect.” login prompt after. keep mind you’ll need enter domain name prior username. see example, click “ok.” user see login window local pc, due group policy restrictions need log username password one last time. connect office pc","Remote Access - remote.berkadia.com Remote Access - remote.berkadia.com   Sunday, April 17, 2016 10:00 PM The most common type of remote access for users working externally is remote.berkadia.com. Users  can access remote apps that run virtually and also remote into their office computer (if powered up  and functional).  *Remote.Berkadia.com is incompatible with Microsoft Edge which is typically the default browser  in Windows 7* The user will need to open remote.berkadia.com using Internet Explorer, if another browser is used  they will see the error message below after logging in: Once opened under Internet Explorer, the user will need to type in the domain name “gmaccm\”  before their username and then their password into the appropriate fields seen below. Click “sign  in.”      The public/shared computer option should be selected when someone is using a PC that is not their  own or in public location as the username field will not be remembered. The first screen displayed  will be remote apps. What’s  displayed is managed by AD security groups. You can click on individual  apps as needed and then click “connect.” Typically it may take a minute or so to fully launch. The alternate option is “remote desktop.” When selected, it will take you to the screen below. The  user will need to be in the “RD Gateway – Users” group as well as the “remote desktop users” group  under compmgmt.msc on their local PC to proceed further. The computer name field would be the user’s local PC name, in many cases this will match up with  their site name/user name (ie. PAAMB for Ambler office). There will be exceptions to this rule as a  user may have received a computer that was repurposed for them and not renamed.      There will be a confirmation menu, click “connect.” There will be a login prompt after. Keep in mind you’ll need to enter the domain name prior to the  username. See below for an example, then click “ok.”      The user will then see a login window for their local PC, due to group policy restrictions they will  need to log in with the same username and password one last time. They should then be connected  to their office PC    ","remote access - remote.berkadia.com remote access - remote.berkadia.com sunday, april 17, 2016 10:00 pm common type remote access users work externally remote.berkadia.com. users access remote apps run virtually also remote office computer (if power functional). *remote.berkadia.com incompatible microsoft edge typically default browser windows 7* user need open remote.berkadia.com use internet explorer, another browser use see error message log in: open internet explorer, user need type domain name “gmaccm\” username password appropriate field see below. click “sign in.” public/shared computer option select someone use pc public location username field remembered. first screen display remote apps. what’s display manage ad security groups. click individual apps need click “connect.” typically may take minute fully launch. alternate option “remote desktop.” selected, take screen below. user need “rd gateway – users” group well “remote desktop users” group compmgmt.msc local pc proceed further. computer name field would user’s local pc name, many case match site name/user name (ie. paamb ambler office). exceptions rule user may receive computer repurposed renamed. confirmation menu, click “connect.” login prompt after. keep mind you’ll need enter domain name prior username. see example, click “ok.” user see login window local pc, due group policy restrictions need log username password one last time. connect office pc"
350,Remote Assistance," Monday, December 10, 2012 1:57 PM","[72, 769, 243, 779]",[484],"Remote Assistance Remote Assistance Remote Assistance Remote Assistance Remote Assistance Remote Assistance Remote Assistance Remote Assistance Remote Assistance Remote Assistance   Monday, December 10, 2012 1:57 PM","remote assistance remote assistance remote assistance remote assistance remote assistance remote assistance remote assistance remote assistance remote assistance remote assistance monday, december 10, 2012 1:57 pm","Remote Assistance Remote Assistance   Monday, December 10, 2012 1:57 PM","remote assistance remote assistance monday, december 10, 2012 1:57 pm"
351,Remote Desktop Error with CredSSP," Tuesday, May 15, 2018 11:22 AM *** Under construction *** Ref: BIT420796 Details & discussion: https://social.technet.microsoft.com/Forums/en- US/46e1cd52-52b3-4427-88a3-200f87319e23/remote-desktop-authentication-error-has-occurred- the-function-requested-is-not-supported?forum=w7itpronetworking Resolution: https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/mckittrick/unable-to-rdp-to-virtual-machine-credssp- encryption-oracle-remediation/    ","[72, 0, 165, 775]",[160],"Remote Desktop Error with CredSSP Remote Desktop Error with CredSSP Remote Desktop Error with CredSSP Remote Desktop Error with CredSSP Remote Desktop Error with CredSSP Remote Desktop Error with CredSSP Remote Desktop Error with CredSSP Remote Desktop Error with CredSSP Remote Desktop Error with CredSSP Remote Desktop Error with CredSSP   Tuesday, May 15, 2018 11:22 AM *** Under construction *** Ref: BIT420796 Details & discussion: https://social.technet.microsoft.com/Forums/en- US/46e1cd52-52b3-4427-88a3-200f87319e23/remote-desktop-authentication-error-has-occurred- the-function-requested-is-not-supported?forum=w7itpronetworking Resolution: https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/mckittrick/unable-to-rdp-to-virtual-machine-credssp- encryption-oracle-remediation/    ","remote desktop error credssp remote desktop error credssp remote desktop error credssp remote desktop error credssp remote desktop error credssp remote desktop error credssp remote desktop error credssp remote desktop error credssp remote desktop error credssp remote desktop error credssp tuesday, may 15, 2018 11:22 *** construction *** ref: bit420796 detail & discussion: https://social.technet.microsoft.com/forums/en- us/46e1cd52-52b3-4427-88a3-200f87319e23/remote-desktop-authentication-error-has-occurred- the-function-requested-is-not-supportedforum=w7itpronetworking resolution: https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/mckittrick/unable-to-rdp-to-virtual-machine-credssp- encryption-oracle-remediation/","Remote Desktop Error with CredSSP Remote Desktop Error with CredSSP   Tuesday, May 15, 2018 11:22 AM *** Under construction *** Ref: BIT420796 Details & discussion: https://social.technet.microsoft.com/Forums/en- US/46e1cd52-52b3-4427-88a3-200f87319e23/remote-desktop-authentication-error-has-occurred- the-function-requested-is-not-supported?forum=w7itpronetworking Resolution: https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/mckittrick/unable-to-rdp-to-virtual-machine-credssp- encryption-oracle-remediation/    ","remote desktop error credssp remote desktop error credssp tuesday, may 15, 2018 11:22 *** construction *** ref: bit420796 detail & discussion: https://social.technet.microsoft.com/forums/en- us/46e1cd52-52b3-4427-88a3-200f87319e23/remote-desktop-authentication-error-has-occurred- the-function-requested-is-not-supportedforum=w7itpronetworking resolution: https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/mckittrick/unable-to-rdp-to-virtual-machine-credssp- encryption-oracle-remediation/"
352,Remote Desktop Services Manager Monitoring," Tuesday, July 03, 2018 11:17 AM Knowledge share - Remote Desktop Services Manager  Monitoring Connections to the Session Hosts (2012R2): Type the name of the Session Broker you want to view Hosts From. PA401RDCB2 (RDS.berkadia.com Session Hosts) PA508RDCB1 (RDS.berkadia.com Session Hosts) Open the Remote Desktop Service manager from RDS.Berkadia.com Right click on the Remote Desktop Service manager on the App Select the option Import from RD Connection Broker. Type Pa401rdcb1 and press Ok. You should now be able to expand the left pane to see Farm Names and Session Hosts. Note these Connections will be saved in your profile, so once you've done this once, the next time you  launch Remote Desktop Services Manager you should see Green connected Arrows for Each Session  Host Automatically When you click on a Session Host on the Left Pane, The Center Pane will refresh to show you a list of  users currently connected to the Terminal Server. You can also view the Running processes from all of       Host Automatically When you click on a Session Host on the Left Pane, The Center Pane will refresh to show you a list of  users currently connected to the Terminal Server. You can also view the Running processes from all of  the users in the processes tab. If you need to Refresh the list, Just Right Click on the Session host in the  left pane and Choose Refresh.         ","[57, 3, 57, 782]","[234, 236]","Remote Desktop Services Manager Monitoring Remote Desktop Services Manager Monitoring Remote Desktop Services Manager Monitoring Remote Desktop Services Manager Monitoring Remote Desktop Services Manager Monitoring Remote Desktop Services Manager Monitoring Remote Desktop Services Manager Monitoring Remote Desktop Services Manager Monitoring Remote Desktop Services Manager Monitoring Remote Desktop Services Manager Monitoring   Tuesday, July 03, 2018 11:17 AM Knowledge share - Remote Desktop Services Manager  Monitoring Connections to the Session Hosts (2012R2): Type the name of the Session Broker you want to view Hosts From. PA401RDCB2 (RDS.berkadia.com Session Hosts) PA508RDCB1 (RDS.berkadia.com Session Hosts) Open the Remote Desktop Service manager from RDS.Berkadia.com Right click on the Remote Desktop Service manager on the App Select the option Import from RD Connection Broker. Type Pa401rdcb1 and press Ok. You should now be able to expand the left pane to see Farm Names and Session Hosts. Note these Connections will be saved in your profile, so once you've done this once, the next time you  launch Remote Desktop Services Manager you should see Green connected Arrows for Each Session  Host Automatically When you click on a Session Host on the Left Pane, The Center Pane will refresh to show you a list of  users currently connected to the Terminal Server. You can also view the Running processes from all of       Host Automatically When you click on a Session Host on the Left Pane, The Center Pane will refresh to show you a list of  users currently connected to the Terminal Server. You can also view the Running processes from all of  the users in the processes tab. If you need to Refresh the list, Just Right Click on the Session host in the  left pane and Choose Refresh.         ","remote desktop service manager monitor remote desktop service manager monitor remote desktop service manager monitor remote desktop service manager monitor remote desktop service manager monitor remote desktop service manager monitor remote desktop service manager monitor remote desktop service manager monitor remote desktop service manager monitor remote desktop service manager monitor tuesday, july 03, 2018 11:17 knowledge share - remote desktop service manager monitor connections session host (2012r2): type name session broker want view host from. pa401rdcb2 (rds.berkadia.com session hosts) pa508rdcb1 (rds.berkadia.com session hosts) open remote desktop service manager rds.berkadia.com right click remote desktop service manager app select option import rd connection broker. type pa401rdcb1 press ok. able expand leave pane see farm name session hosts. note connections save profile, do once, next time launch remote desktop service manager see green connect arrows session host automatically click session host leave pane, center pane refresh show list users currently connect terminal server. also view run process host automatically click session host leave pane, center pane refresh show list users currently connect terminal server. also view run process users process tab. need refresh list, right click session host leave pane choose refresh.","Remote Desktop Services Manager Monitoring Remote Desktop Services Manager Monitoring   Tuesday, July 03, 2018 11:17 AM Knowledge share - Remote Desktop Services Manager  Monitoring Connections to the Session Hosts (2012R2): Type the name of the Session Broker you want to view Hosts From. PA401RDCB2 (RDS.berkadia.com Session Hosts) PA508RDCB1 (RDS.berkadia.com Session Hosts) Open the Remote Desktop Service manager from RDS.Berkadia.com Right click on the Remote Desktop Service manager on the App Select the option Import from RD Connection Broker. Type Pa401rdcb1 and press Ok. You should now be able to expand the left pane to see Farm Names and Session Hosts. Note these Connections will be saved in your profile, so once you've done this once, the next time you  launch Remote Desktop Services Manager you should see Green connected Arrows for Each Session  Host Automatically When you click on a Session Host on the Left Pane, The Center Pane will refresh to show you a list of  users currently connected to the Terminal Server. You can also view the Running processes from all of       Host Automatically When you click on a Session Host on the Left Pane, The Center Pane will refresh to show you a list of  users currently connected to the Terminal Server. You can also view the Running processes from all of  the users in the processes tab. If you need to Refresh the list, Just Right Click on the Session host in the  left pane and Choose Refresh.         ","remote desktop service manager monitor remote desktop service manager monitor tuesday, july 03, 2018 11:17 knowledge share - remote desktop service manager monitor connections session host (2012r2): type name session broker want view host from. pa401rdcb2 (rds.berkadia.com session hosts) pa508rdcb1 (rds.berkadia.com session hosts) open remote desktop service manager rds.berkadia.com right click remote desktop service manager app select option import rd connection broker. type pa401rdcb1 press ok. able expand leave pane see farm name session hosts. note connections save profile, do once, next time launch remote desktop service manager see green connect arrows session host automatically click session host leave pane, center pane refresh show list users currently connect terminal server. also view run process host automatically click session host leave pane, center pane refresh show list users currently connect terminal server. also view run process users process tab. need refresh list, right click session host leave pane choose refresh."
353,Remote Desktop for Mac App," Thursday, December 21, 2017 9:17 AM Have the user visit this site on their Mac, they will need to select View in App Store. https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/microsoft-remote-desktop-8-0/id715768417?mt=12 The App Store will then open and display content regarding the app. Select Install. Once  complete this App will show up under Go->Applications on the Mac.      One common complaint with Macs revolves around the inability to use Internet Explorer to  reach intranet sites and content. By configuring the Remote Resources section below a user will  be able to launch any RDS apps they normally would have access to on a PC. Open Microsoft Remote Desktop for Mac, select Remote Resources. Enter the appropriate user information and note the URL address. Select refresh. *Note* if the user does not change the password in this field when their password changes,  they will find themselves frequently locked out.      Close the smaller Window, you should now have any TSApps that the user is a member of  displayed. Double click to launch each item. To configure a connection to an individual computer remotely we need to configure the  Remote Gateway first. Select Preferences.      Select the Gateway tab, then the ""+"" symbol.      Enter the Gateway/Server name and username in the same format below. Then close the  window. *Note* The user will need to update this password each time their network password  changes, or they will be locked out. Now We'll need to specify the individual Computer information. Select New.      Enter the hostname of the Berkadia PC  you intend to remotely control.  *Note*  You'll need to verify the following: 1. The user must be in the RD Gateway - Users security group within Active Directory. The user must be added to the Remote Desktop Users group through Computer  management on the Berkadia PC. 2. If the user is already an administrator on the Berkadia PC  in the office, they would not need to  be added to the remote users group. The user will also need to update this password each time  his network account password changes, or they will be locked out.      Close window. Double Click the Berkadia PC name to start the remote connection.      You may see a certificate error, disregard and click continue.      You'll then see the normal Berkadia PC login screen. Login normally.    ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[137, 145]","Remote Desktop for Mac App Remote Desktop for Mac App Remote Desktop for Mac App Remote Desktop for Mac App Remote Desktop for Mac App Remote Desktop for Mac App Remote Desktop for Mac App Remote Desktop for Mac App Remote Desktop for Mac App Remote Desktop for Mac App   Thursday, December 21, 2017 9:17 AM Have the user visit this site on their Mac, they will need to select View in App Store. https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/microsoft-remote-desktop-8-0/id715768417?mt=12 The App Store will then open and display content regarding the app. Select Install. Once  complete this App will show up under Go->Applications on the Mac.      One common complaint with Macs revolves around the inability to use Internet Explorer to  reach intranet sites and content. By configuring the Remote Resources section below a user will  be able to launch any RDS apps they normally would have access to on a PC. Open Microsoft Remote Desktop for Mac, select Remote Resources. Enter the appropriate user information and note the URL address. Select refresh. *Note* if the user does not change the password in this field when their password changes,  they will find themselves frequently locked out.      Close the smaller Window, you should now have any TSApps that the user is a member of  displayed. Double click to launch each item. To configure a connection to an individual computer remotely we need to configure the  Remote Gateway first. Select Preferences.      Select the Gateway tab, then the ""+"" symbol.      Enter the Gateway/Server name and username in the same format below. Then close the  window. *Note* The user will need to update this password each time their network password  changes, or they will be locked out. Now We'll need to specify the individual Computer information. Select New.      Enter the hostname of the Berkadia PC  you intend to remotely control.  *Note*  You'll need to verify the following: 1. The user must be in the RD Gateway - Users security group within Active Directory. The user must be added to the Remote Desktop Users group through Computer  management on the Berkadia PC. 2. If the user is already an administrator on the Berkadia PC  in the office, they would not need to  be added to the remote users group. The user will also need to update this password each time  his network account password changes, or they will be locked out.      Close window. Double Click the Berkadia PC name to start the remote connection.      You may see a certificate error, disregard and click continue.      You'll then see the normal Berkadia PC login screen. Login normally.    ","remote desktop mac app remote desktop mac app remote desktop mac app remote desktop mac app remote desktop mac app remote desktop mac app remote desktop mac app remote desktop mac app remote desktop mac app remote desktop mac app thursday, december 21, 2017 9:17 user visit site mac, need select view app store. https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/microsoft-remote-desktop-8-0/id715768417mt=12 app store open display content regard app. select install. complete app show go->applications mac. one common complaint macs revolve around inability use internet explorer reach intranet sit content. configure remote resources section user able launch rds apps normally would access pc. open microsoft remote desktop mac, select remote resources. enter appropriate user information note url address. select refresh. *note* user change password field password changes, find frequently lock out. close smaller window, tsapps user member displayed. double click launch item. configure connection individual computer remotely need configure remote gateway first. select preferences. select gateway tab, ""+"" symbol. enter gateway/server name username format below. close window. *note* user need update password time network password changes, lock out. we'll need specify individual computer information. select new. enter hostname berkadia pc intend remotely control. *note* need verify following: 1. user must rd gateway - users security group within active directory. user must add remote desktop users group computer management berkadia pc. 2. user already administrator berkadia pc office, would need add remote users group. user also need update password time network account password changes, lock out. close window. double click berkadia pc name start remote connection. may see certificate error, disregard click continue. see normal berkadia pc login screen. login normally.","Remote Desktop for Mac App Remote Desktop for Mac App   Thursday, December 21, 2017 9:17 AM Have the user visit this site on their Mac, they will need to select View in App Store. https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/microsoft-remote-desktop-8-0/id715768417?mt=12 The App Store will then open and display content regarding the app. Select Install. Once  complete this App will show up under Go->Applications on the Mac.      One common complaint with Macs revolves around the inability to use Internet Explorer to  reach intranet sites and content. By configuring the Remote Resources section below a user will  be able to launch any RDS apps they normally would have access to on a PC. Open Microsoft Remote Desktop for Mac, select Remote Resources. Enter the appropriate user information and note the URL address. Select refresh. *Note* if the user does not change the password in this field when their password changes,  they will find themselves frequently locked out.      Close the smaller Window, you should now have any TSApps that the user is a member of  displayed. Double click to launch each item. To configure a connection to an individual computer remotely we need to configure the  Remote Gateway first. Select Preferences.      Select the Gateway tab, then the ""+"" symbol.      Enter the Gateway/Server name and username in the same format below. Then close the  window. *Note* The user will need to update this password each time their network password  changes, or they will be locked out. Now We'll need to specify the individual Computer information. Select New.      Enter the hostname of the Berkadia PC  you intend to remotely control.  *Note*  You'll need to verify the following: 1. The user must be in the RD Gateway - Users security group within Active Directory. The user must be added to the Remote Desktop Users group through Computer  management on the Berkadia PC. 2. If the user is already an administrator on the Berkadia PC  in the office, they would not need to  be added to the remote users group. The user will also need to update this password each time  his network account password changes, or they will be locked out.      Close window. Double Click the Berkadia PC name to start the remote connection.      You may see a certificate error, disregard and click continue.      You'll then see the normal Berkadia PC login screen. Login normally.    ","remote desktop mac app remote desktop mac app thursday, december 21, 2017 9:17 user visit site mac, need select view app store. https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/microsoft-remote-desktop-8-0/id715768417mt=12 app store open display content regard app. select install. complete app show go->applications mac. one common complaint macs revolve around inability use internet explorer reach intranet sit content. configure remote resources section user able launch rds apps normally would access pc. open microsoft remote desktop mac, select remote resources. enter appropriate user information note url address. select refresh. *note* user change password field password changes, find frequently lock out. close smaller window, tsapps user member displayed. double click launch item. configure connection individual computer remotely need configure remote gateway first. select preferences. select gateway tab, ""+"" symbol. enter gateway/server name username format below. close window. *note* user need update password time network password changes, lock out. we'll need specify individual computer information. select new. enter hostname berkadia pc intend remotely control. *note* need verify following: 1. user must rd gateway - users security group within active directory. user must add remote desktop users group computer management berkadia pc. 2. user already administrator berkadia pc office, would need add remote users group. user also need update password time network account password changes, lock out. close window. double click berkadia pc name start remote connection. may see certificate error, disregard click continue. see normal berkadia pc login screen. login normally."
354,Remote Desktop for Windows," Friday, April 13, 2018 1:37 PM Users may remote connect to a computer that is connected to the Berkadia network if they are part  of the Remote Desktop Users group on that computer.  Create a connection as follow. Offer to save      Modify RD Gateway server setting to connect from anywhere: Optional: go back to General tab and click ""Save As"" to create a shortcut. Most end users prefer to  have the connection shortcut on their desktop.      have the connection shortcut on their desktop. If needed, you can also enable remote desktop to use all monitors available under Display tab.    ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[146, 148]","Remote Desktop for Windows Remote Desktop for Windows Remote Desktop for Windows Remote Desktop for Windows Remote Desktop for Windows Remote Desktop for Windows Remote Desktop for Windows Remote Desktop for Windows Remote Desktop for Windows Remote Desktop for Windows   Friday, April 13, 2018 1:37 PM Users may remote connect to a computer that is connected to the Berkadia network if they are part  of the Remote Desktop Users group on that computer.  Create a connection as follow. Offer to save      Modify RD Gateway server setting to connect from anywhere: Optional: go back to General tab and click ""Save As"" to create a shortcut. Most end users prefer to  have the connection shortcut on their desktop.      have the connection shortcut on their desktop. If needed, you can also enable remote desktop to use all monitors available under Display tab.    ","remote desktop windows remote desktop windows remote desktop windows remote desktop windows remote desktop windows remote desktop windows remote desktop windows remote desktop windows remote desktop windows remote desktop windows friday, april 13, 2018 1:37 pm users may remote connect computer connect berkadia network part remote desktop users group computer. create connection follow. offer save modify rd gateway server set connect anywhere: optional: go back general tab click ""save as"" create shortcut. end users prefer connection shortcut desktop. connection shortcut desktop. needed, also enable remote desktop use monitor available display tab.","Remote Desktop for Windows Remote Desktop for Windows   Friday, April 13, 2018 1:37 PM Users may remote connect to a computer that is connected to the Berkadia network if they are part  of the Remote Desktop Users group on that computer.  Create a connection as follow. Offer to save      Modify RD Gateway server setting to connect from anywhere: Optional: go back to General tab and click ""Save As"" to create a shortcut. Most end users prefer to  have the connection shortcut on their desktop.      have the connection shortcut on their desktop. If needed, you can also enable remote desktop to use all monitors available under Display tab.    ","remote desktop windows remote desktop windows friday, april 13, 2018 1:37 pm users may remote connect computer connect berkadia network part remote desktop users group computer. create connection follow. offer save modify rd gateway server set connect anywhere: optional: go back general tab click ""save as"" create shortcut. end users prefer connection shortcut desktop. connection shortcut desktop. needed, also enable remote desktop use monitor available display tab."
355,Remote Password Reset Checkpoint 7.4," Saturday, April 16, 2016 11:09 PM After 3 incorrect attempts to login, Checkpoint will lock the user account. This normally occurs after  a user changes their password and does not go through the correct procedure to ensure it updates. Have the user type in their username into the appropriate field pictured below. Press the tab key or  click on the password field. The remote help button be unavailable and greyed out until this occurs.  Have them click “remote help.” Once they click “remote help” they’ll be taken to a new screen that prompts for “response one.”  Have them select “Password change” before proceeding.      You’ll generate the information needed for the user by logging into a computer that also has  Checkpoint 7,4 installed. From the start menu within Windows, you’ll launch All Programs-> Checkpoint->Endpoint Security->Management Console. Sign into the Checkpoint management console using your checkpoint credentials.      Select “go to remote help” on the Checkpoint management console screen. Type in your Checkpoint account name, then the user’s account name in the appropriate fields seen  below. Click “generate” then provide the response one code to the user to type in.      Once response one is keyed in by the user, have them press the tab key to generate a challenge  code to read back to you. You’ll key the challenge code into the Checkpoint management console that is still open. Then you’ll  type in your own Checkpoint password then click the second “generate” button in the lower right  hand corner of the screen (also depicted two images above).  This will generate response two, it should be noted that this string of digits is significantly longer.  The user will need to key this into the response two field on their computer then click “ok.” You’ll be prompted to type in a new password here. This is only temporary and will be synced up  with the current windows password shortly. Click “ok.”      Click “ok.” Windows will begin to load at this point. Sign into windows with the current or last known NETWORK  password. (THIS IS NOT THE TEMPORARY PASSWORD YOU JUST HAD THE USER ENTER) You’ll then see a small Checkpoint box pop up asking for a password. At this point you’ll enter the  temporary password the user selected earlier. A confirmation box will pop up stating that the  password has been updated/sync’d successfully. Both logins should now match the current windows  login password.           Installing the Checkpoint Smart Console R77.20 Wednesday, January 11, 2017 10:55 AM These are the steps for installing the Checkpoint Smart Console. This console will allow you to add  Authorized Preboot users to computers, as well as unlocks, and creating media recovery. The  installation file should be located in your applic drive under the folder named FDE_77.20.      Click Username – Helpdesk Password- Berkadia1 Server IP – 172.18.2.210 Approve    ","[25, 11, 72, 779]","[112, 119]","Remote Password Reset Checkpoint 7.4 Remote Password Reset Checkpoint 7.4 Remote Password Reset Checkpoint 7.4 Remote Password Reset Checkpoint 7.4 Remote Password Reset Checkpoint 7.4 Remote Password Reset Checkpoint 7.4 Remote Password Reset Checkpoint 7.4 Remote Password Reset Checkpoint 7.4 Remote Password Reset Checkpoint 7.4 Remote Password Reset Checkpoint 7.4   Saturday, April 16, 2016 11:09 PM After 3 incorrect attempts to login, Checkpoint will lock the user account. This normally occurs after  a user changes their password and does not go through the correct procedure to ensure it updates. Have the user type in their username into the appropriate field pictured below. Press the tab key or  click on the password field. The remote help button be unavailable and greyed out until this occurs.  Have them click “remote help.” Once they click “remote help” they’ll be taken to a new screen that prompts for “response one.”  Have them select “Password change” before proceeding.      You’ll generate the information needed for the user by logging into a computer that also has  Checkpoint 7,4 installed. From the start menu within Windows, you’ll launch All Programs-> Checkpoint->Endpoint Security->Management Console. Sign into the Checkpoint management console using your checkpoint credentials.      Select “go to remote help” on the Checkpoint management console screen. Type in your Checkpoint account name, then the user’s account name in the appropriate fields seen  below. Click “generate” then provide the response one code to the user to type in.      Once response one is keyed in by the user, have them press the tab key to generate a challenge  code to read back to you. You’ll key the challenge code into the Checkpoint management console that is still open. Then you’ll  type in your own Checkpoint password then click the second “generate” button in the lower right  hand corner of the screen (also depicted two images above).  This will generate response two, it should be noted that this string of digits is significantly longer.  The user will need to key this into the response two field on their computer then click “ok.” You’ll be prompted to type in a new password here. This is only temporary and will be synced up  with the current windows password shortly. Click “ok.”      Click “ok.” Windows will begin to load at this point. Sign into windows with the current or last known NETWORK  password. (THIS IS NOT THE TEMPORARY PASSWORD YOU JUST HAD THE USER ENTER) You’ll then see a small Checkpoint box pop up asking for a password. At this point you’ll enter the  temporary password the user selected earlier. A confirmation box will pop up stating that the  password has been updated/sync’d successfully. Both logins should now match the current windows  login password.           Installing the Checkpoint Smart Console R77.20 Wednesday, January 11, 2017 10:55 AM These are the steps for installing the Checkpoint Smart Console. This console will allow you to add  Authorized Preboot users to computers, as well as unlocks, and creating media recovery. The  installation file should be located in your applic drive under the folder named FDE_77.20.      Click Username – Helpdesk Password- Berkadia1 Server IP – 172.18.2.210 Approve    ","remote password reset checkpoint 7.4 remote password reset checkpoint 7.4 remote password reset checkpoint 7.4 remote password reset checkpoint 7.4 remote password reset checkpoint 7.4 remote password reset checkpoint 7.4 remote password reset checkpoint 7.4 remote password reset checkpoint 7.4 remote password reset checkpoint 7.4 remote password reset checkpoint 7.4 saturday, april 16, 2016 11:09 pm 3 incorrect attempt login, checkpoint lock user account. normally occur user change password go correct procedure ensure updates. user type username appropriate field picture below. press tab key click password field. remote help button unavailable grey occurs. click “remote help.” click “remote help” they’ll take new screen prompt “response one.” select “password change” proceeding. you’ll generate information need user log computer also checkpoint 7,4 installed. start menu within windows, you’ll launch programs-> checkpoint->endpoint security->management console. sign checkpoint management console use checkpoint credentials. select “go remote help” checkpoint management console screen. type checkpoint account name, user’s account name appropriate field see below. click “generate” provide response one code user type in. response one key user, press tab key generate challenge code read back you. you’ll key challenge code checkpoint management console still open. you’ll type checkpoint password click second “generate” button lower right hand corner screen (also depict two image above). generate response two, note string digits significantly longer. user need key response two field computer click “ok.” you’ll prompt type new password here. temporary sync current windows password shortly. click “ok.” click “ok.” windows begin load point. sign windows current last know network password. (this temporary password user enter) you’ll see small checkpoint box pop ask password. point you’ll enter temporary password user select earlier. confirmation box pop state password updated/sync’d successfully. logins match current windows login password. instal checkpoint smart console r77.20 wednesday, january 11, 2017 10:55 step instal checkpoint smart console. console allow add authorize preboot users computers, well unlocks, create media recovery. installation file locate applic drive folder name fde_77.20. click username – helpdesk password- berkadia1 server ip – 172.18.2.210 approve","Remote Password Reset Checkpoint 7.4 Remote Password Reset Checkpoint 7.4   Saturday, April 16, 2016 11:09 PM After 3 incorrect attempts to login, Checkpoint will lock the user account. This normally occurs after  a user changes their password and does not go through the correct procedure to ensure it updates. Have the user type in their username into the appropriate field pictured below. Press the tab key or  click on the password field. The remote help button be unavailable and greyed out until this occurs.  Have them click “remote help.” Once they click “remote help” they’ll be taken to a new screen that prompts for “response one.”  Have them select “Password change” before proceeding.      You’ll generate the information needed for the user by logging into a computer that also has  Checkpoint 7,4 installed. From the start menu within Windows, you’ll launch All Programs-> Checkpoint->Endpoint Security->Management Console. Sign into the Checkpoint management console using your checkpoint credentials.      Select “go to remote help” on the Checkpoint management console screen. Type in your Checkpoint account name, then the user’s account name in the appropriate fields seen  below. Click “generate” then provide the response one code to the user to type in.      Once response one is keyed in by the user, have them press the tab key to generate a challenge  code to read back to you. You’ll key the challenge code into the Checkpoint management console that is still open. Then you’ll  type in your own Checkpoint password then click the second “generate” button in the lower right  hand corner of the screen (also depicted two images above).  This will generate response two, it should be noted that this string of digits is significantly longer.  The user will need to key this into the response two field on their computer then click “ok.” You’ll be prompted to type in a new password here. This is only temporary and will be synced up  with the current windows password shortly. Click “ok.”      Click “ok.” Windows will begin to load at this point. Sign into windows with the current or last known NETWORK  password. (THIS IS NOT THE TEMPORARY PASSWORD YOU JUST HAD THE USER ENTER) You’ll then see a small Checkpoint box pop up asking for a password. At this point you’ll enter the  temporary password the user selected earlier. A confirmation box will pop up stating that the  password has been updated/sync’d successfully. Both logins should now match the current windows  login password.           Installing the Checkpoint Smart Console R77.20 Wednesday, January 11, 2017 10:55 AM These are the steps for installing the Checkpoint Smart Console. This console will allow you to add  Authorized Preboot users to computers, as well as unlocks, and creating media recovery. The  installation file should be located in your applic drive under the folder named FDE_77.20.      Click Username – Helpdesk Password- Berkadia1 Server IP – 172.18.2.210 Approve    ","remote password reset checkpoint 7.4 remote password reset checkpoint 7.4 saturday, april 16, 2016 11:09 pm 3 incorrect attempt login, checkpoint lock user account. normally occur user change password go correct procedure ensure updates. user type username appropriate field picture below. press tab key click password field. remote help button unavailable grey occurs. click “remote help.” click “remote help” they’ll take new screen prompt “response one.” select “password change” proceeding. you’ll generate information need user log computer also checkpoint 7,4 installed. start menu within windows, you’ll launch programs-> checkpoint->endpoint security->management console. sign checkpoint management console use checkpoint credentials. select “go remote help” checkpoint management console screen. type checkpoint account name, user’s account name appropriate field see below. click “generate” provide response one code user type in. response one key user, press tab key generate challenge code read back you. you’ll key challenge code checkpoint management console still open. you’ll type checkpoint password click second “generate” button lower right hand corner screen (also depict two image above). generate response two, note string digits significantly longer. user need key response two field computer click “ok.” you’ll prompt type new password here. temporary sync current windows password shortly. click “ok.” click “ok.” windows begin load point. sign windows current last know network password. (this temporary password user enter) you’ll see small checkpoint box pop ask password. point you’ll enter temporary password user select earlier. confirmation box pop state password updated/sync’d successfully. logins match current windows login password. instal checkpoint smart console r77.20 wednesday, january 11, 2017 10:55 step instal checkpoint smart console. console allow add authorize preboot users computers, well unlocks, create media recovery. installation file locate applic drive folder name fde_77.20. click username – helpdesk password- berkadia1 server ip – 172.18.2.210 approve"
356,Remote Shares," Monday, March 26, 2018 3:15 PM ***To be completed*** Ambler & main file share: \\gmaccm.com\shared Atlanta: \\gaalpf1\ Dallas: \\txdalf1\ DCMetro (Chevy Chase): \\mdbetf1\ New York: \\nynypf1\ Chicago: \\ilchif1\ Detroit: \\midetf2\ Houston: \\txhouf1\ Irvine: \\cairvf1\ Jacksonville: \\fljaxf2\ Los Angeles: \\calosf1\ Midvale: \\utmidf2\ Orlando:  \\florlf2\ Pasadena: \\capasf2\    ","[72, 0, 173, 775]",[2],"Remote Shares Remote Shares Remote Shares Remote Shares Remote Shares Remote Shares Remote Shares Remote Shares Remote Shares Remote Shares   Monday, March 26, 2018 3:15 PM ***To be completed*** Ambler & main file share: \\gmaccm.com\shared Atlanta: \\gaalpf1\ Dallas: \\txdalf1\ DCMetro (Chevy Chase): \\mdbetf1\ New York: \\nynypf1\ Chicago: \\ilchif1\ Detroit: \\midetf2\ Houston: \\txhouf1\ Irvine: \\cairvf1\ Jacksonville: \\fljaxf2\ Los Angeles: \\calosf1\ Midvale: \\utmidf2\ Orlando:  \\florlf2\ Pasadena: \\capasf2\    ","remote share remote share remote share remote share remote share remote share remote share remote share remote share remote share monday, march 26, 2018 3:15 pm ***to completed*** ambler & main file share: \\gmaccm.com\shared atlanta: \\gaalpf1\ dallas: \\txdalf1\ dcmetro (chevy chase): \\mdbetf1\ new york: \\nynypf1\ chicago: \\ilchif1\ detroit: \\midetf2\ houston: \\txhouf1\ irvine: \\cairvf1\ jacksonville: \\fljaxf2\ los angeles: \\calosf1\ midvale: \\utmidf2\ orlando: \\florlf2\ pasadena: \\capasf2\","Remote Shares Remote Shares   Monday, March 26, 2018 3:15 PM ***To be completed*** Ambler & main file share: \\gmaccm.com\shared Atlanta: \\gaalpf1\ Dallas: \\txdalf1\ DCMetro (Chevy Chase): \\mdbetf1\ New York: \\nynypf1\ Chicago: \\ilchif1\ Detroit: \\midetf2\ Houston: \\txhouf1\ Irvine: \\cairvf1\ Jacksonville: \\fljaxf2\ Los Angeles: \\calosf1\ Midvale: \\utmidf2\ Orlando:  \\florlf2\ Pasadena: \\capasf2\    ","remote share remote share monday, march 26, 2018 3:15 pm ***to completed*** ambler & main file share: \\gmaccm.com\shared atlanta: \\gaalpf1\ dallas: \\txdalf1\ dcmetro (chevy chase): \\mdbetf1\ new york: \\nynypf1\ chicago: \\ilchif1\ detroit: \\midetf2\ houston: \\txhouf1\ irvine: \\cairvf1\ jacksonville: \\fljaxf2\ los angeles: \\calosf1\ midvale: \\utmidf2\ orlando: \\florlf2\ pasadena: \\capasf2\"
357,Remote.Berkadia.com," 10:39 AM Friday, March 18, 2016 RD WEB ACCESS http://remote.berkadia.com    - Use Internet Explorer 7, 8, 9, and 10(windows8) *********You must use GMACCM\USERNAME format*********** YOU MUST USE INTERNET EXPLORER TO ACCESS REMOTE.BERKADIA.COM SEE TECHNICIAN GUIDE  FOR FURTHER DETAILS/TROUBLESHOOTING.f If you are using Windows XP , you may need to apply a few  fixes to the Operating System for RD  Web to function. At the bottom of the main login page on http://remote.berkadia.com you sill see 3 links (pictured  below)  Click on each one and install the necessary fixes.  You wil be prompted to restart your       below)  Click on each one and install the necessary fixes.  You wil be prompted to restart your  computer. Once logged in, you will see the remote applications screen – You also have the option to select  Remote Desktop at the top. Choose the application you’d like to use and select  ‘Connect’ when prompted – You may also  check the box on the left side the says ‘Don’t ask me again for remote connections from this  Publisher’ to not see these prompts again      Your Application will open up (in this case the H: drive)      Connecting to your remote desktop Select the Remote Desktop link at the top      Use you network credentials to login to your remote desktop           ","[72, 0, 72, 779]","[127, 132]","Remote.Berkadia.com Remote.Berkadia.com Remote.Berkadia.com Remote.Berkadia.com Remote.Berkadia.com Remote.Berkadia.com Remote.Berkadia.com Remote.Berkadia.com Remote.Berkadia.com Remote.Berkadia.com   10:39 AM Friday, March 18, 2016 RD WEB ACCESS http://remote.berkadia.com    - Use Internet Explorer 7, 8, 9, and 10(windows8) *********You must use GMACCM\USERNAME format*********** YOU MUST USE INTERNET EXPLORER TO ACCESS REMOTE.BERKADIA.COM SEE TECHNICIAN GUIDE  FOR FURTHER DETAILS/TROUBLESHOOTING.f If you are using Windows XP , you may need to apply a few  fixes to the Operating System for RD  Web to function. At the bottom of the main login page on http://remote.berkadia.com you sill see 3 links (pictured  below)  Click on each one and install the necessary fixes.  You wil be prompted to restart your       below)  Click on each one and install the necessary fixes.  You wil be prompted to restart your  computer. Once logged in, you will see the remote applications screen – You also have the option to select  Remote Desktop at the top. Choose the application you’d like to use and select  ‘Connect’ when prompted – You may also  check the box on the left side the says ‘Don’t ask me again for remote connections from this  Publisher’ to not see these prompts again      Your Application will open up (in this case the H: drive)      Connecting to your remote desktop Select the Remote Desktop link at the top      Use you network credentials to login to your remote desktop           ","remote.berkadia.com remote.berkadia.com remote.berkadia.com remote.berkadia.com remote.berkadia.com remote.berkadia.com remote.berkadia.com remote.berkadia.com remote.berkadia.com remote.berkadia.com 10:39 friday, march 18, 2016 rd web access http://remote.berkadia.com - use internet explorer 7, 8, 9, 10(windows8) *********you must use gmaccm\username format*********** must use internet explorer access remote.berkadia.com see technician guide details/troubleshooting.f use windows xp , may need apply fix operate system rd web function. bottom main login page http://remote.berkadia.com sill see 3 link (pictured below) click one install necessary fixes. wil prompt restart below) click one install necessary fixes. wil prompt restart computer. log in, see remote applications screen – also option select remote desktop top. choose application you’d like use select ‘connect’ prompt – may also check box leave side say ‘don’t ask remote connections publisher’ see prompt application open (in case h: drive) connect remote desktop select remote desktop link top use network credentials login remote desktop","Remote.Berkadia.com Remote.Berkadia.com   10:39 AM Friday, March 18, 2016 RD WEB ACCESS http://remote.berkadia.com    - Use Internet Explorer 7, 8, 9, and 10(windows8) *********You must use GMACCM\USERNAME format*********** YOU MUST USE INTERNET EXPLORER TO ACCESS REMOTE.BERKADIA.COM SEE TECHNICIAN GUIDE  FOR FURTHER DETAILS/TROUBLESHOOTING.f If you are using Windows XP , you may need to apply a few  fixes to the Operating System for RD  Web to function. At the bottom of the main login page on http://remote.berkadia.com you sill see 3 links (pictured  below)  Click on each one and install the necessary fixes.  You wil be prompted to restart your       below)  Click on each one and install the necessary fixes.  You wil be prompted to restart your  computer. Once logged in, you will see the remote applications screen – You also have the option to select  Remote Desktop at the top. Choose the application you’d like to use and select  ‘Connect’ when prompted – You may also  check the box on the left side the says ‘Don’t ask me again for remote connections from this  Publisher’ to not see these prompts again      Your Application will open up (in this case the H: drive)      Connecting to your remote desktop Select the Remote Desktop link at the top      Use you network credentials to login to your remote desktop           ","remote.berkadia.com remote.berkadia.com 10:39 friday, march 18, 2016 rd web access http://remote.berkadia.com - use internet explorer 7, 8, 9, 10(windows8) *********you must use gmaccm\username format*********** must use internet explorer access remote.berkadia.com see technician guide details/troubleshooting.f use windows xp , may need apply fix operate system rd web function. bottom main login page http://remote.berkadia.com sill see 3 link (pictured below) click one install necessary fixes. wil prompt restart below) click one install necessary fixes. wil prompt restart computer. log in, see remote applications screen – also option select remote desktop top. choose application you’d like use select ‘connect’ prompt – may also check box leave side say ‘don’t ask remote connections publisher’ see prompt application open (in case h: drive) connect remote desktop select remote desktop link top use network credentials login remote desktop"
358,Remotely Synching Cached Mac Password," Tuesday, January 16, 2018 9:16 AM If a Mac user’s password is changed while working remotely, you’ll find that the Mac will not  acknowledge this change until it can communicate with the Berkadia network. (unless the user has some  means of remote connectivity, such as an OEAP unit) This method will also work if the user is within an  office with a connection to the domain. You would simply skip the ""connecting to Forticlient"" portion as  that would be unnecessary in that case. 1. 2. 3. Ensure the password has been changed and is not simply expired. If expired, set to a new password in  Active Directory.  Have the user log into the “macadmin” account. This is the service account that should be enabled on all  domain joined Macs. The account currently uses the “Ownly” static admin password. If you are unaware  of this password, please communicate with your shift/team lead to obtain. (The user should not retain  this password) Once the user is logged into the macadmin account, open spotlight (command+spacebar) then type  Forticlient. You’ll see Forticlient listed under “Top Hits”, open it.  4. Forticlient should already be configured, if not, please see “Configuring Forticlient for Mac” in OneNote.  Connect to Forticlient using the new password and certificate that matches the computer name +  gmaccm.com.     5. Once connected, open spotlight again, then type “terminal.” Open terminal. 6. Type ""login"" without quotes, press enter. The user should enter their username, then press enter. Finally  they’ll be prompted for their password, enter the new password (you will not see any text being entered)  and press enter. You’ll see a prompt displaying the last recorded login, at this point you can disconnect  from forticlient, log off, then sign in normally with the new password.  7. Make sure the user is not skipping the prompt to update the ""login"" keychain. This will be their prior      7. Make sure the user is not skipping the prompt to update the ""login"" keychain. This will be their prior  password, unless they have been skipping this for many iterations. In that case it could potentially be any  of their prior passwords. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- There is also an alternate means of accomplishing the same goal. Beginning with step 5, after you have  connected to Forticlient, go to the Apple Menu-> System Preferences Select Users & Groups Select Login Options, click the padlock in the lower left hand corner to allow changes, you'll be  prompted to enter the macadmin credentials again. Check the ""Show fast user switching menu as ""Account Name"" option. Close this window. In the upper right hand corner of the screen (near the clock), you'll see the current logged in user, it's  currently macadmin. From this menu, select Login Window, then you'll be taken back to the initial login  screen.      The user should then sign in normally with the new password previously set in step 1. It's  recommended to log out, sign back into the macadmin account, disconnect from forticlient, then  reboot. I have not found any ill effects yet to simply rebooting without disconnecting from forticlient  first, however it's simply best practice to do so.      User Profile Disks (UPD) Overview Saturday, June 09, 2018 2:46 AM User Profile Disks Imp... Team, As many of you are aware, we will be switching from Roaming Profiles to User Profile Disks on the  Terminal servers this weekend. With the current Roaming Profile setup, every time a user logs on a terminal server their profile  must be copied from the roaming profile path to the local hard drive of the Terminal Server. This  process is repeated when a user logs off as that local copy of the profile (and any changes that were  made) are then copied back to the roaming profile path (Overriding the previous profile). This can  further lengthen the total logon/logoff times for users connecting to the session hosts. With User Profile Disks, we have a set of virtual hard disk files (.VHDX) that contain the user Roaming  Profiles. During the Logon/Logoff Process, the Session Hosts Mount the .VHDX Files from the UPD  Path instead of copying them. This means dramatically less Disk and Network I/O During  Logon/Logoff with more Network and Disk I/O Throughout the length of the session. We anticipate this configuration change to UPDs will help with three things.  1) User Logon/Logoff Times on the terminal servers should be quicker.  2) Since there is less up front load on the terminal servers, we expect the performance during  bootup storms (The Shift Changes) should improve.  3) Because profiles will no longer need to be copied back and forth between the Servers, We will  finally be able to utilize Outlook Cached Exchange mode which is an important step to prepare India  for Office365 / Exchange Online. In an Attempt to make this migration as smooth as possible, I wrote a few scripts to “Prepopulate”  UPDs for each of our Terminal Server users. These UPDs should contain all of the Data from the  users’ Roaming Profiles, so we expect that the users’ settings (Favorites / Application Settings / Etc)  should be retained. (This was previously Tested with a group of volunteers successfully) Maintenance: I Will be making the changes during the maintenance window on Saturday. I’ll be modifying the  Group Policy for the Terminal Servers and removing the setting that specified a roaming profile path  for users. At the same time, I’ll be Enabling User Profile disks on the Collection Level and pointing  Each Collection to the Following UPD Paths. US Internal - \\padc1sofs.crecorp.com\upd\US Internal US India - \\padc1sofs.crecorp.com\upd\US India Test - \\padc1sofs.crecorp.com\upd\Test Support: I’ll be online starting at 10:30 PM EST Sunday Evening, and I’ll be remaining online through the  beginning of the Morning shift to help troubleshoot any issues we may run into and to monitor  performance. If any Issues crop up after I’ve signed off, Don’t hesitate to give me a call at  215-208-9703. Rollback Plan (If Needed): If for any reason we do need to roll back to roaming profiles from User profile disks, The changes  don’t take long. All we have to do is Enable Roaming Profiles in the Terminal Server GPOs and  disable UPDs in the Collection Properties. Tips: After the UPD Migration, The Old Roaming Profile path will no longer be used (\\rdsprofiles \pa508na2_cifs_rd_upd) So make sure you don’t find yourself trying to “reset” a profile in that  location. You’ll notice that the names for the .VHDX UPD Files are in SID Format. This makes it difficult  to determine which UPD belongs to Which user. To Aid in this, you can utilize a Utility Called  SIDDER.exe which I’ve copied to : \\gmaccm.com\wds\Servers\Sidder Simply Launch the .EXE and browse to the UPD Folder for the collection the user is  accessing. The User for Each UPD will be shown, and you can use this to determine  which UPD may be having issues. If you Delete or Rename a UPD File, A new one  will be created for the user the next time they log on to that collection.      Note that If a UPD is showing up with a red icon, it means that UPD is currently  Locked and cannot be deleted or edited by anyone else. UPDs Lock when they are  mounted, So if a user is currently logged into a terminal server, Their UPD should  show up Locked until they completely Log off of the Terminal Server (Not just  Disconnected). The Max Size for a UPD Is currently 10 GB. We Anticipate this should be plenty of space even  when accounting for Using Cached Exchange mode in outlook in the near future. If a User is completely logged out of a terminal server (Not just Disconnected), but their UPD is  still locked, You can terminate the Session by RDPing to PADC1FS3.Crecorp.com or  PADC1FS4.crecorp.com and launching Administrative Tools->Computer Management.  Navigate to Open Files, and Look for the UPD Name that is locked. You can Right Click the Entries for the UPD you need to unlick and Choose “Close  open File”. This should automatically Unmount the UPD from whichever server is  was hung on, and allow the user to once again log in to a terminal server and  mount to their UPD. If you don’t see it open on PADC1FS4, then look at PADC1FS3. It should be on one  of the two. It’s Easy to tell if a Terminal server user has successfully mounted a UPD. Simply Have the user  browse to C:\Users\%USerID%. If you see Subfolders of the Profile with Shortcut Icons, you  know your looking at a UPD. If the Folders don’t have shortcut icons, then you are looking at a  local Profile, Not a UPD. An Example of a User’s Profile when using a UPD is below: If you need to perform a Cleanup on a UPD that has reached close to max size, You’ll need to  Mount the UPD, Perform the Cleanup, Then unmount the UPD. (**** It’s Very important to       Mount the UPD, Perform the Cleanup, Then unmount the UPD. (**** It’s Very important to  Make sure you’ve Unmounted the UPD when you are finished, Otherwise it will remain locked  and will not be available for the user next time they log on) To Mount a UPD, Simply browse to it with you ADM creds, Right Click the Desired  UPD, and Choose “Mount”. It will mount the UPD as a drive on your PC and you  can explore and clean it up as necessary. Once you are done, you want to Right  Click the Drive it was mounted to on your PC and Choose “Eject”. This will remove  the drive from your PC, and Sidder should show the UPD as Unlocked.    ","[39, 8, 66, 778]","[226, 232]","Remotely Synching Cached Mac Password Remotely Synching Cached Mac Password Remotely Synching Cached Mac Password Remotely Synching Cached Mac Password Remotely Synching Cached Mac Password Remotely Synching Cached Mac Password Remotely Synching Cached Mac Password Remotely Synching Cached Mac Password Remotely Synching Cached Mac Password Remotely Synching Cached Mac Password   Tuesday, January 16, 2018 9:16 AM If a Mac user’s password is changed while working remotely, you’ll find that the Mac will not  acknowledge this change until it can communicate with the Berkadia network. (unless the user has some  means of remote connectivity, such as an OEAP unit) This method will also work if the user is within an  office with a connection to the domain. You would simply skip the ""connecting to Forticlient"" portion as  that would be unnecessary in that case. 1. 2. 3. Ensure the password has been changed and is not simply expired. If expired, set to a new password in  Active Directory.  Have the user log into the “macadmin” account. This is the service account that should be enabled on all  domain joined Macs. The account currently uses the “Ownly” static admin password. If you are unaware  of this password, please communicate with your shift/team lead to obtain. (The user should not retain  this password) Once the user is logged into the macadmin account, open spotlight (command+spacebar) then type  Forticlient. You’ll see Forticlient listed under “Top Hits”, open it.  4. Forticlient should already be configured, if not, please see “Configuring Forticlient for Mac” in OneNote.  Connect to Forticlient using the new password and certificate that matches the computer name +  gmaccm.com.     5. Once connected, open spotlight again, then type “terminal.” Open terminal. 6. Type ""login"" without quotes, press enter. The user should enter their username, then press enter. Finally  they’ll be prompted for their password, enter the new password (you will not see any text being entered)  and press enter. You’ll see a prompt displaying the last recorded login, at this point you can disconnect  from forticlient, log off, then sign in normally with the new password.  7. Make sure the user is not skipping the prompt to update the ""login"" keychain. This will be their prior      7. Make sure the user is not skipping the prompt to update the ""login"" keychain. This will be their prior  password, unless they have been skipping this for many iterations. In that case it could potentially be any  of their prior passwords. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- There is also an alternate means of accomplishing the same goal. Beginning with step 5, after you have  connected to Forticlient, go to the Apple Menu-> System Preferences Select Users & Groups Select Login Options, click the padlock in the lower left hand corner to allow changes, you'll be  prompted to enter the macadmin credentials again. Check the ""Show fast user switching menu as ""Account Name"" option. Close this window. In the upper right hand corner of the screen (near the clock), you'll see the current logged in user, it's  currently macadmin. From this menu, select Login Window, then you'll be taken back to the initial login  screen.      The user should then sign in normally with the new password previously set in step 1. It's  recommended to log out, sign back into the macadmin account, disconnect from forticlient, then  reboot. I have not found any ill effects yet to simply rebooting without disconnecting from forticlient  first, however it's simply best practice to do so.      User Profile Disks (UPD) Overview Saturday, June 09, 2018 2:46 AM User Profile Disks Imp... Team, As many of you are aware, we will be switching from Roaming Profiles to User Profile Disks on the  Terminal servers this weekend. With the current Roaming Profile setup, every time a user logs on a terminal server their profile  must be copied from the roaming profile path to the local hard drive of the Terminal Server. This  process is repeated when a user logs off as that local copy of the profile (and any changes that were  made) are then copied back to the roaming profile path (Overriding the previous profile). This can  further lengthen the total logon/logoff times for users connecting to the session hosts. With User Profile Disks, we have a set of virtual hard disk files (.VHDX) that contain the user Roaming  Profiles. During the Logon/Logoff Process, the Session Hosts Mount the .VHDX Files from the UPD  Path instead of copying them. This means dramatically less Disk and Network I/O During  Logon/Logoff with more Network and Disk I/O Throughout the length of the session. We anticipate this configuration change to UPDs will help with three things.  1) User Logon/Logoff Times on the terminal servers should be quicker.  2) Since there is less up front load on the terminal servers, we expect the performance during  bootup storms (The Shift Changes) should improve.  3) Because profiles will no longer need to be copied back and forth between the Servers, We will  finally be able to utilize Outlook Cached Exchange mode which is an important step to prepare India  for Office365 / Exchange Online. In an Attempt to make this migration as smooth as possible, I wrote a few scripts to “Prepopulate”  UPDs for each of our Terminal Server users. These UPDs should contain all of the Data from the  users’ Roaming Profiles, so we expect that the users’ settings (Favorites / Application Settings / Etc)  should be retained. (This was previously Tested with a group of volunteers successfully) Maintenance: I Will be making the changes during the maintenance window on Saturday. I’ll be modifying the  Group Policy for the Terminal Servers and removing the setting that specified a roaming profile path  for users. At the same time, I’ll be Enabling User Profile disks on the Collection Level and pointing  Each Collection to the Following UPD Paths. US Internal - \\padc1sofs.crecorp.com\upd\US Internal US India - \\padc1sofs.crecorp.com\upd\US India Test - \\padc1sofs.crecorp.com\upd\Test Support: I’ll be online starting at 10:30 PM EST Sunday Evening, and I’ll be remaining online through the  beginning of the Morning shift to help troubleshoot any issues we may run into and to monitor  performance. If any Issues crop up after I’ve signed off, Don’t hesitate to give me a call at  215-208-9703. Rollback Plan (If Needed): If for any reason we do need to roll back to roaming profiles from User profile disks, The changes  don’t take long. All we have to do is Enable Roaming Profiles in the Terminal Server GPOs and  disable UPDs in the Collection Properties. Tips: After the UPD Migration, The Old Roaming Profile path will no longer be used (\\rdsprofiles \pa508na2_cifs_rd_upd) So make sure you don’t find yourself trying to “reset” a profile in that  location. You’ll notice that the names for the .VHDX UPD Files are in SID Format. This makes it difficult  to determine which UPD belongs to Which user. To Aid in this, you can utilize a Utility Called  SIDDER.exe which I’ve copied to : \\gmaccm.com\wds\Servers\Sidder Simply Launch the .EXE and browse to the UPD Folder for the collection the user is  accessing. The User for Each UPD will be shown, and you can use this to determine  which UPD may be having issues. If you Delete or Rename a UPD File, A new one  will be created for the user the next time they log on to that collection.      Note that If a UPD is showing up with a red icon, it means that UPD is currently  Locked and cannot be deleted or edited by anyone else. UPDs Lock when they are  mounted, So if a user is currently logged into a terminal server, Their UPD should  show up Locked until they completely Log off of the Terminal Server (Not just  Disconnected). The Max Size for a UPD Is currently 10 GB. We Anticipate this should be plenty of space even  when accounting for Using Cached Exchange mode in outlook in the near future. If a User is completely logged out of a terminal server (Not just Disconnected), but their UPD is  still locked, You can terminate the Session by RDPing to PADC1FS3.Crecorp.com or  PADC1FS4.crecorp.com and launching Administrative Tools->Computer Management.  Navigate to Open Files, and Look for the UPD Name that is locked. You can Right Click the Entries for the UPD you need to unlick and Choose “Close  open File”. This should automatically Unmount the UPD from whichever server is  was hung on, and allow the user to once again log in to a terminal server and  mount to their UPD. If you don’t see it open on PADC1FS4, then look at PADC1FS3. It should be on one  of the two. It’s Easy to tell if a Terminal server user has successfully mounted a UPD. Simply Have the user  browse to C:\Users\%USerID%. If you see Subfolders of the Profile with Shortcut Icons, you  know your looking at a UPD. If the Folders don’t have shortcut icons, then you are looking at a  local Profile, Not a UPD. An Example of a User’s Profile when using a UPD is below: If you need to perform a Cleanup on a UPD that has reached close to max size, You’ll need to  Mount the UPD, Perform the Cleanup, Then unmount the UPD. (**** It’s Very important to       Mount the UPD, Perform the Cleanup, Then unmount the UPD. (**** It’s Very important to  Make sure you’ve Unmounted the UPD when you are finished, Otherwise it will remain locked  and will not be available for the user next time they log on) To Mount a UPD, Simply browse to it with you ADM creds, Right Click the Desired  UPD, and Choose “Mount”. It will mount the UPD as a drive on your PC and you  can explore and clean it up as necessary. Once you are done, you want to Right  Click the Drive it was mounted to on your PC and Choose “Eject”. This will remove  the drive from your PC, and Sidder should show the UPD as Unlocked.    ","remotely synching cache mac password remotely synching cache mac password remotely synching cache mac password remotely synching cache mac password remotely synching cache mac password remotely synching cache mac password remotely synching cache mac password remotely synching cache mac password remotely synching cache mac password remotely synching cache mac password tuesday, january 16, 2018 9:16 mac user’s password change work remotely, you’ll find mac acknowledge change communicate berkadia network. (unless user mean remote connectivity, oeap unit) method also work user within office connection domain. would simply skip ""connecting forticlient"" portion would unnecessary case. 1. 2. 3. ensure password change simply expired. expired, set new password active directory. user log “macadmin” account. service account enable domain join macs. account currently use “ownly” static admin password. unaware password, please communicate shift/team lead obtain. (the user retain password) user log macadmin account, open spotlight (command+spacebar) type forticlient. you’ll see forticlient list “top hits”, open it. 4. forticlient already configured, not, please see “configuring forticlient mac” onenote. connect forticlient use new password certificate match computer name + gmaccm.com. 5. connected, open spotlight again, type “terminal.” open terminal. 6. type ""login"" without quotes, press enter. user enter username, press enter. finally they’ll prompt password, enter new password (you see text entered) press enter. you’ll see prompt display last record login, point disconnect forticlient, log off, sign normally new password. 7. make sure user skip prompt update ""login"" keychain. prior 7. make sure user skip prompt update ""login"" keychain. prior password, unless skip many iterations. case could potentially prior passwords. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- also alternate mean accomplish goal. begin step 5, connect forticlient, go apple menu-> system preferences select users & group select login options, click padlock lower leave hand corner allow changes, prompt enter macadmin credentials again. check ""show fast user switch menu ""account name"" option. close window. upper right hand corner screen (near clock), see current log user, currently macadmin. menu, select login window, take back initial login screen. user sign normally new password previously set step 1. recommend log out, sign back macadmin account, disconnect forticlient, reboot. find ill effect yet simply reboot without disconnect forticlient first, however simply best practice so. user profile disk (upd) overview saturday, june 09, 2018 2:46 user profile disk imp... team, many aware, switch roam profile user profile disk terminal servers weekend. current roam profile setup, every time user log terminal server profile must copy roam profile path local hard drive terminal server. process repeat user log local copy profile (and change made) copy back roam profile path (overriding previous profile). lengthen total logon/logoff time users connect session hosts. user profile disks, set virtual hard disk file (.vhdx) contain user roam profiles. logon/logoff process, session host mount .vhdx file upd path instead copy them. mean dramatically less disk network i/o logon/logoff network disk i/o throughout length session. anticipate configuration change upds help three things. 1) user logon/logoff time terminal servers quicker. 2) since less front load terminal servers, expect performance bootup storm (the shift changes) improve. 3) profile longer need copy back forth servers, finally able utilize outlook cache exchange mode important step prepare india office365 / exchange online. attempt make migration smooth possible, write script “prepopulate” upds terminal server users. upds contain data users’ roam profiles, expect users’ settings (favorites / application settings / etc) retained. (this previously test group volunteer successfully) maintenance: make change maintenance window saturday. i’ll modify group policy terminal servers remove set specify roam profile path users. time, i’ll enable user profile disk collection level point collection follow upd paths. us internal - \\padc1sofs.crecorp.com\upd\us internal us india - \\padc1sofs.crecorp.com\upd\us india test - \\padc1sofs.crecorp.com\upd\test support: i’ll online start 10:30 pm est sunday evening, i’ll remain online begin morning shift help troubleshoot issue may run monitor performance. issue crop i’ve sign off, don’t hesitate give call 215-208-9703. rollback plan (if needed): reason need roll back roam profile user profile disks, change don’t take long. enable roam profile terminal server gpos disable upds collection properties. tips: upd migration, old roam profile path longer use (\\rdsprofiles \pa508na2_cifs_rd_upd) make sure don’t find try “reset” profile location. you’ll notice name .vhdx upd file sid format. make difficult determine upd belong user. aid this, utilize utility call sidder.exe i’ve copy : \\gmaccm.com\wds\servers\sidder simply launch .exe browse upd folder collection user accessing. user upd shown, use determine upd may issues. delete rename upd file, new one create user next time log collection. note upd show red icon, mean upd currently lock cannot delete edit anyone else. upds lock mounted, user currently log terminal server, upd show lock completely log terminal server (not disconnected). max size upd currently 10 gb. anticipate plenty space even account use cache exchange mode outlook near future. user completely log terminal server (not disconnected), upd still locked, terminate session rdping padc1fs3.crecorp.com padc1fs4.crecorp.com launch administrative tools->computer management. navigate open files, look upd name locked. right click entries upd need unlick choose “close open file”. automatically unmount upd whichever server hang on, allow user log terminal server mount upd. don’t see open padc1fs4, look padc1fs3. one two. it’s easy tell terminal server user successfully mount upd. simply user browse c:\users\%userid%. see subfolders profile shortcut icons, know look upd. folders don’t shortcut icons, look local profile, upd. example user’s profile use upd below: need perform cleanup upd reach close max size, you’ll need mount upd, perform cleanup, unmount upd. (**** it’s important mount upd, perform cleanup, unmount upd. (**** it’s important make sure you’ve unmounted upd finished, otherwise remain lock available user next time log on) mount upd, simply browse adm creds, right click desire upd, choose “mount”. mount upd drive pc explore clean necessary. done, want right click drive mount pc choose “eject”. remove drive pc, sidder show upd unlocked.","Remotely Synching Cached Mac Password Remotely Synching Cached Mac Password   Tuesday, January 16, 2018 9:16 AM If a Mac user’s password is changed while working remotely, you’ll find that the Mac will not  acknowledge this change until it can communicate with the Berkadia network. (unless the user has some  means of remote connectivity, such as an OEAP unit) This method will also work if the user is within an  office with a connection to the domain. You would simply skip the ""connecting to Forticlient"" portion as  that would be unnecessary in that case. 1. 2. 3. Ensure the password has been changed and is not simply expired. If expired, set to a new password in  Active Directory.  Have the user log into the “macadmin” account. This is the service account that should be enabled on all  domain joined Macs. The account currently uses the “Ownly” static admin password. If you are unaware  of this password, please communicate with your shift/team lead to obtain. (The user should not retain  this password) Once the user is logged into the macadmin account, open spotlight (command+spacebar) then type  Forticlient. You’ll see Forticlient listed under “Top Hits”, open it.  4. Forticlient should already be configured, if not, please see “Configuring Forticlient for Mac” in OneNote.  Connect to Forticlient using the new password and certificate that matches the computer name +  gmaccm.com.     5. Once connected, open spotlight again, then type “terminal.” Open terminal. 6. Type ""login"" without quotes, press enter. The user should enter their username, then press enter. Finally  they’ll be prompted for their password, enter the new password (you will not see any text being entered)  and press enter. You’ll see a prompt displaying the last recorded login, at this point you can disconnect  from forticlient, log off, then sign in normally with the new password.  7. Make sure the user is not skipping the prompt to update the ""login"" keychain. This will be their prior      7. Make sure the user is not skipping the prompt to update the ""login"" keychain. This will be their prior  password, unless they have been skipping this for many iterations. In that case it could potentially be any  of their prior passwords. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- There is also an alternate means of accomplishing the same goal. Beginning with step 5, after you have  connected to Forticlient, go to the Apple Menu-> System Preferences Select Users & Groups Select Login Options, click the padlock in the lower left hand corner to allow changes, you'll be  prompted to enter the macadmin credentials again. Check the ""Show fast user switching menu as ""Account Name"" option. Close this window. In the upper right hand corner of the screen (near the clock), you'll see the current logged in user, it's  currently macadmin. From this menu, select Login Window, then you'll be taken back to the initial login  screen.      The user should then sign in normally with the new password previously set in step 1. It's  recommended to log out, sign back into the macadmin account, disconnect from forticlient, then  reboot. I have not found any ill effects yet to simply rebooting without disconnecting from forticlient  first, however it's simply best practice to do so.      User Profile Disks (UPD) Overview Saturday, June 09, 2018 2:46 AM User Profile Disks Imp... Team, As many of you are aware, we will be switching from Roaming Profiles to User Profile Disks on the  Terminal servers this weekend. With the current Roaming Profile setup, every time a user logs on a terminal server their profile  must be copied from the roaming profile path to the local hard drive of the Terminal Server. This  process is repeated when a user logs off as that local copy of the profile (and any changes that were  made) are then copied back to the roaming profile path (Overriding the previous profile). This can  further lengthen the total logon/logoff times for users connecting to the session hosts. With User Profile Disks, we have a set of virtual hard disk files (.VHDX) that contain the user Roaming  Profiles. During the Logon/Logoff Process, the Session Hosts Mount the .VHDX Files from the UPD  Path instead of copying them. This means dramatically less Disk and Network I/O During  Logon/Logoff with more Network and Disk I/O Throughout the length of the session. We anticipate this configuration change to UPDs will help with three things.  1) User Logon/Logoff Times on the terminal servers should be quicker.  2) Since there is less up front load on the terminal servers, we expect the performance during  bootup storms (The Shift Changes) should improve.  3) Because profiles will no longer need to be copied back and forth between the Servers, We will  finally be able to utilize Outlook Cached Exchange mode which is an important step to prepare India  for Office365 / Exchange Online. In an Attempt to make this migration as smooth as possible, I wrote a few scripts to “Prepopulate”  UPDs for each of our Terminal Server users. These UPDs should contain all of the Data from the  users’ Roaming Profiles, so we expect that the users’ settings (Favorites / Application Settings / Etc)  should be retained. (This was previously Tested with a group of volunteers successfully) Maintenance: I Will be making the changes during the maintenance window on Saturday. I’ll be modifying the  Group Policy for the Terminal Servers and removing the setting that specified a roaming profile path  for users. At the same time, I’ll be Enabling User Profile disks on the Collection Level and pointing  Each Collection to the Following UPD Paths. US Internal - \\padc1sofs.crecorp.com\upd\US Internal US India - \\padc1sofs.crecorp.com\upd\US India Test - \\padc1sofs.crecorp.com\upd\Test Support: I’ll be online starting at 10:30 PM EST Sunday Evening, and I’ll be remaining online through the  beginning of the Morning shift to help troubleshoot any issues we may run into and to monitor  performance. If any Issues crop up after I’ve signed off, Don’t hesitate to give me a call at  215-208-9703. Rollback Plan (If Needed): If for any reason we do need to roll back to roaming profiles from User profile disks, The changes  don’t take long. All we have to do is Enable Roaming Profiles in the Terminal Server GPOs and  disable UPDs in the Collection Properties. Tips: After the UPD Migration, The Old Roaming Profile path will no longer be used (\\rdsprofiles \pa508na2_cifs_rd_upd) So make sure you don’t find yourself trying to “reset” a profile in that  location. You’ll notice that the names for the .VHDX UPD Files are in SID Format. This makes it difficult  to determine which UPD belongs to Which user. To Aid in this, you can utilize a Utility Called  SIDDER.exe which I’ve copied to : \\gmaccm.com\wds\Servers\Sidder Simply Launch the .EXE and browse to the UPD Folder for the collection the user is  accessing. The User for Each UPD will be shown, and you can use this to determine  which UPD may be having issues. If you Delete or Rename a UPD File, A new one  will be created for the user the next time they log on to that collection.      Note that If a UPD is showing up with a red icon, it means that UPD is currently  Locked and cannot be deleted or edited by anyone else. UPDs Lock when they are  mounted, So if a user is currently logged into a terminal server, Their UPD should  show up Locked until they completely Log off of the Terminal Server (Not just  Disconnected). The Max Size for a UPD Is currently 10 GB. We Anticipate this should be plenty of space even  when accounting for Using Cached Exchange mode in outlook in the near future. If a User is completely logged out of a terminal server (Not just Disconnected), but their UPD is  still locked, You can terminate the Session by RDPing to PADC1FS3.Crecorp.com or  PADC1FS4.crecorp.com and launching Administrative Tools->Computer Management.  Navigate to Open Files, and Look for the UPD Name that is locked. You can Right Click the Entries for the UPD you need to unlick and Choose “Close  open File”. This should automatically Unmount the UPD from whichever server is  was hung on, and allow the user to once again log in to a terminal server and  mount to their UPD. If you don’t see it open on PADC1FS4, then look at PADC1FS3. It should be on one  of the two. It’s Easy to tell if a Terminal server user has successfully mounted a UPD. Simply Have the user  browse to C:\Users\%USerID%. If you see Subfolders of the Profile with Shortcut Icons, you  know your looking at a UPD. If the Folders don’t have shortcut icons, then you are looking at a  local Profile, Not a UPD. An Example of a User’s Profile when using a UPD is below: If you need to perform a Cleanup on a UPD that has reached close to max size, You’ll need to  Mount the UPD, Perform the Cleanup, Then unmount the UPD. (**** It’s Very important to       Mount the UPD, Perform the Cleanup, Then unmount the UPD. (**** It’s Very important to  Make sure you’ve Unmounted the UPD when you are finished, Otherwise it will remain locked  and will not be available for the user next time they log on) To Mount a UPD, Simply browse to it with you ADM creds, Right Click the Desired  UPD, and Choose “Mount”. It will mount the UPD as a drive on your PC and you  can explore and clean it up as necessary. Once you are done, you want to Right  Click the Drive it was mounted to on your PC and Choose “Eject”. This will remove  the drive from your PC, and Sidder should show the UPD as Unlocked.    ","remotely synching cache mac password remotely synching cache mac password tuesday, january 16, 2018 9:16 mac user’s password change work remotely, you’ll find mac acknowledge change communicate berkadia network. (unless user mean remote connectivity, oeap unit) method also work user within office connection domain. would simply skip ""connecting forticlient"" portion would unnecessary case. 1. 2. 3. ensure password change simply expired. expired, set new password active directory. user log “macadmin” account. service account enable domain join macs. account currently use “ownly” static admin password. unaware password, please communicate shift/team lead obtain. (the user retain password) user log macadmin account, open spotlight (command+spacebar) type forticlient. you’ll see forticlient list “top hits”, open it. 4. forticlient already configured, not, please see “configuring forticlient mac” onenote. connect forticlient use new password certificate match computer name + gmaccm.com. 5. connected, open spotlight again, type “terminal.” open terminal. 6. type ""login"" without quotes, press enter. user enter username, press enter. finally they’ll prompt password, enter new password (you see text entered) press enter. you’ll see prompt display last record login, point disconnect forticlient, log off, sign normally new password. 7. make sure user skip prompt update ""login"" keychain. prior 7. make sure user skip prompt update ""login"" keychain. prior password, unless skip many iterations. case could potentially prior passwords. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- also alternate mean accomplish goal. begin step 5, connect forticlient, go apple menu-> system preferences select users & group select login options, click padlock lower leave hand corner allow changes, prompt enter macadmin credentials again. check ""show fast user switch menu ""account name"" option. close window. upper right hand corner screen (near clock), see current log user, currently macadmin. menu, select login window, take back initial login screen. user sign normally new password previously set step 1. recommend log out, sign back macadmin account, disconnect forticlient, reboot. find ill effect yet simply reboot without disconnect forticlient first, however simply best practice so. user profile disk (upd) overview saturday, june 09, 2018 2:46 user profile disk imp... team, many aware, switch roam profile user profile disk terminal servers weekend. current roam profile setup, every time user log terminal server profile must copy roam profile path local hard drive terminal server. process repeat user log local copy profile (and change made) copy back roam profile path (overriding previous profile). lengthen total logon/logoff time users connect session hosts. user profile disks, set virtual hard disk file (.vhdx) contain user roam profiles. logon/logoff process, session host mount .vhdx file upd path instead copy them. mean dramatically less disk network i/o logon/logoff network disk i/o throughout length session. anticipate configuration change upds help three things. 1) user logon/logoff time terminal servers quicker. 2) since less front load terminal servers, expect performance bootup storm (the shift changes) improve. 3) profile longer need copy back forth servers, finally able utilize outlook cache exchange mode important step prepare india office365 / exchange online. attempt make migration smooth possible, write script “prepopulate” upds terminal server users. upds contain data users’ roam profiles, expect users’ settings (favorites / application settings / etc) retained. (this previously test group volunteer successfully) maintenance: make change maintenance window saturday. i’ll modify group policy terminal servers remove set specify roam profile path users. time, i’ll enable user profile disk collection level point collection follow upd paths. us internal - \\padc1sofs.crecorp.com\upd\us internal us india - \\padc1sofs.crecorp.com\upd\us india test - \\padc1sofs.crecorp.com\upd\test support: i’ll online start 10:30 pm est sunday evening, i’ll remain online begin morning shift help troubleshoot issue may run monitor performance. issue crop i’ve sign off, don’t hesitate give call 215-208-9703. rollback plan (if needed): reason need roll back roam profile user profile disks, change don’t take long. enable roam profile terminal server gpos disable upds collection properties. tips: upd migration, old roam profile path longer use (\\rdsprofiles \pa508na2_cifs_rd_upd) make sure don’t find try “reset” profile location. you’ll notice name .vhdx upd file sid format. make difficult determine upd belong user. aid this, utilize utility call sidder.exe i’ve copy : \\gmaccm.com\wds\servers\sidder simply launch .exe browse upd folder collection user accessing. user upd shown, use determine upd may issues. delete rename upd file, new one create user next time log collection. note upd show red icon, mean upd currently lock cannot delete edit anyone else. upds lock mounted, user currently log terminal server, upd show lock completely log terminal server (not disconnected). max size upd currently 10 gb. anticipate plenty space even account use cache exchange mode outlook near future. user completely log terminal server (not disconnected), upd still locked, terminate session rdping padc1fs3.crecorp.com padc1fs4.crecorp.com launch administrative tools->computer management. navigate open files, look upd name locked. right click entries upd need unlick choose “close open file”. automatically unmount upd whichever server hang on, allow user log terminal server mount upd. don’t see open padc1fs4, look padc1fs3. one two. it’s easy tell terminal server user successfully mount upd. simply user browse c:\users\%userid%. see subfolders profile shortcut icons, know look upd. folders don’t shortcut icons, look local profile, upd. example user’s profile use upd below: need perform cleanup upd reach close max size, you’ll need mount upd, perform cleanup, unmount upd. (**** it’s important mount upd, perform cleanup, unmount upd. (**** it’s important make sure you’ve unmounted upd finished, otherwise remain lock available user next time log on) mount upd, simply browse adm creds, right click desire upd, choose “mount”. mount upd drive pc explore clean necessary. done, want right click drive mount pc choose “eject”. remove drive pc, sidder show upd unlocked."
359,Removing Passwords In IE," Monday, June 24, 2013 9:03 AM","[72, 769, 220, 779]",[450],"Removing Passwords In IE Removing Passwords In IE Removing Passwords In IE Removing Passwords In IE Removing Passwords In IE Removing Passwords In IE Removing Passwords In IE Removing Passwords In IE Removing Passwords In IE Removing Passwords In IE   Monday, June 24, 2013 9:03 AM","remove passwords ie remove passwords ie remove passwords ie remove passwords ie remove passwords ie remove passwords ie remove passwords ie remove passwords ie remove passwords ie remove passwords ie monday, june 24, 2013 9:03","Removing Passwords In IE Removing Passwords In IE   Monday, June 24, 2013 9:03 AM","remove passwords ie remove passwords ie monday, june 24, 2013 9:03"
360,Removing passwords from the Windows User account:  ,      Click on Manage Passwords and remove the entry listed in the  window    ,"[72, 0, 72, 9]","[451, 452]",Removing passwords from the Windows User account:   Removing passwords from the Windows User account:   Removing passwords from the Windows User account:   Removing passwords from the Windows User account:   Removing passwords from the Windows User account:   Removing passwords from the Windows User account:   Removing passwords from the Windows User account:   Removing passwords from the Windows User account:   Removing passwords from the Windows User account:   Removing passwords from the Windows User account:          Click on Manage Passwords and remove the entry listed in the  window    ,remove passwords windows user account: remove passwords windows user account: remove passwords windows user account: remove passwords windows user account: remove passwords windows user account: remove passwords windows user account: remove passwords windows user account: remove passwords windows user account: remove passwords windows user account: remove passwords windows user account: click manage passwords remove entry list window,Removing passwords from the Windows User account:   Removing passwords from the Windows User account:          Click on Manage Passwords and remove the entry listed in the  window    ,remove passwords windows user account: remove passwords windows user account: click manage passwords remove entry list window
361,Renaming UPD," Tuesday, June 19, 2018 4:45 PM I Renamed this users current profile to .OLD. The next time they log on , a new UPD will be  generated from scratch. Please follow up with the user and let us know if they are still having issues. FYI, You should be able to do this yourself in the future. Get the User’s Current UPD using the following Powershell Command. Get-UPDInfo EBerkowi This will output their existing UPDs. Look at the one with the most recent Access time to identify the  one they use primarily. The output should look like this. You can then navigate to the Specified UPD Path (In this case it’s the bottom One) in explorer, and  rename the existing VHDX File to .OLD. Since the system will no longer see their UPD, it will create a  new one from scratch the next time they log on.    ","[64, 2, 148, 779]",[233],"Renaming UPD Renaming UPD Renaming UPD Renaming UPD Renaming UPD Renaming UPD Renaming UPD Renaming UPD Renaming UPD Renaming UPD   Tuesday, June 19, 2018 4:45 PM I Renamed this users current profile to .OLD. The next time they log on , a new UPD will be  generated from scratch. Please follow up with the user and let us know if they are still having issues. FYI, You should be able to do this yourself in the future. Get the User’s Current UPD using the following Powershell Command. Get-UPDInfo EBerkowi This will output their existing UPDs. Look at the one with the most recent Access time to identify the  one they use primarily. The output should look like this. You can then navigate to the Specified UPD Path (In this case it’s the bottom One) in explorer, and  rename the existing VHDX File to .OLD. Since the system will no longer see their UPD, it will create a  new one from scratch the next time they log on.    ","rename upd rename upd rename upd rename upd rename upd rename upd rename upd rename upd rename upd rename upd tuesday, june 19, 2018 4:45 pm rename users current profile .old. next time log , new upd generate scratch. please follow user let us know still issues. fyi, able future. get user’s current upd use follow powershell command. get-updinfo eberkowi output exist upds. look one recent access time identify one use primarily. output look like this. navigate specify upd path (in case it’s bottom one) explorer, rename exist vhdx file .old. since system longer see upd, create new one scratch next time log on.","Renaming UPD Renaming UPD   Tuesday, June 19, 2018 4:45 PM I Renamed this users current profile to .OLD. The next time they log on , a new UPD will be  generated from scratch. Please follow up with the user and let us know if they are still having issues. FYI, You should be able to do this yourself in the future. Get the User’s Current UPD using the following Powershell Command. Get-UPDInfo EBerkowi This will output their existing UPDs. Look at the one with the most recent Access time to identify the  one they use primarily. The output should look like this. You can then navigate to the Specified UPD Path (In this case it’s the bottom One) in explorer, and  rename the existing VHDX File to .OLD. Since the system will no longer see their UPD, it will create a  new one from scratch the next time they log on.    ","rename upd rename upd tuesday, june 19, 2018 4:45 pm rename users current profile .old. next time log , new upd generate scratch. please follow user let us know still issues. fyi, able future. get user’s current upd use follow powershell command. get-updinfo eberkowi output exist upds. look one recent access time identify one use primarily. output look like this. navigate specify upd path (in case it’s bottom one) explorer, rename exist vhdx file .old. since system longer see upd, create new one scratch next time log on."
362,Repair Office through Command Line," Monday, March 26, 2018 9:17 AM C:\Program Files\Microsoft Office 15\ClientX64\OfficeClickToRun.exe""  scenario=Repair platform=x86 culture=en-us RepairType=QuickRepair  DisplayLevel=False From <https://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/msoffice/forum/msoffice_install-mso_win10-mso_o365b/how-to-repair- office-365-for-business-through/5542e30e-05c8-4235-b657-09ee94115070>     ","[72, 0, 173, 775]",[256],"Repair Office through Command Line Repair Office through Command Line Repair Office through Command Line Repair Office through Command Line Repair Office through Command Line Repair Office through Command Line Repair Office through Command Line Repair Office through Command Line Repair Office through Command Line Repair Office through Command Line   Monday, March 26, 2018 9:17 AM C:\Program Files\Microsoft Office 15\ClientX64\OfficeClickToRun.exe""  scenario=Repair platform=x86 culture=en-us RepairType=QuickRepair  DisplayLevel=False From <https://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/msoffice/forum/msoffice_install-mso_win10-mso_o365b/how-to-repair- office-365-for-business-through/5542e30e-05c8-4235-b657-09ee94115070>     ","repair office command line repair office command line repair office command line repair office command line repair office command line repair office command line repair office command line repair office command line repair office command line repair office command line monday, march 26, 2018 9:17 c:\program files\microsoft office 15\clientx64\officeclicktorun.exe"" scenario=repair platform=x86 culture=en-us repairtype=quickrepair displaylevel=false <https://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/msoffice/forum/msoffice_install-mso_win10-mso_o365b/how-to-repair- office-365-for-business-through/5542e30e-05c8-4235-b657-09ee94115070>","Repair Office through Command Line Repair Office through Command Line   Monday, March 26, 2018 9:17 AM C:\Program Files\Microsoft Office 15\ClientX64\OfficeClickToRun.exe""  scenario=Repair platform=x86 culture=en-us RepairType=QuickRepair  DisplayLevel=False From <https://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/msoffice/forum/msoffice_install-mso_win10-mso_o365b/how-to-repair- office-365-for-business-through/5542e30e-05c8-4235-b657-09ee94115070>     ","repair office command line repair office command line monday, march 26, 2018 9:17 c:\program files\microsoft office 15\clientx64\officeclicktorun.exe"" scenario=repair platform=x86 culture=en-us repairtype=quickrepair displaylevel=false <https://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/msoffice/forum/msoffice_install-mso_win10-mso_o365b/how-to-repair- office-365-for-business-through/5542e30e-05c8-4235-b657-09ee94115070>"
363,Repair SCEP - (Antivirus)," 10:47 AM Friday, September 11, 2015 If patches below do not work.  1.       Restart user’s computer 2.       Open CMD as Administrator\Different User – ADM Credentials 3.       Cd C:\windows\ccmsetup 4.       SCEPInstall.exe /u 5.       SCEPInstall.exe 6.       Restart Windows6. 1-KB3092... Windows6. 1-KB3092...      Friday, September 11, 2015 10:47 AM If patches below do not work.  1.       Restart user’s computer 2.       Open CMD as Administrator\Different User – ADM Credentials 3.       Cd C:\windows\ccmsetup 4.       SCEPInstall.exe /u 5.       SCEPInstall.exe 6.       Restart Windows6. 1-KB3092... Windows6. 1-KB3092...    ","[72, 0, 72, 779]","[656, 657]","Repair SCEP - (Antivirus) Repair SCEP - (Antivirus) Repair SCEP - (Antivirus) Repair SCEP - (Antivirus) Repair SCEP - (Antivirus) Repair SCEP - (Antivirus) Repair SCEP - (Antivirus) Repair SCEP - (Antivirus) Repair SCEP - (Antivirus) Repair SCEP - (Antivirus)   10:47 AM Friday, September 11, 2015 If patches below do not work.  1.       Restart user’s computer 2.       Open CMD as Administrator\Different User – ADM Credentials 3.       Cd C:\windows\ccmsetup 4.       SCEPInstall.exe /u 5.       SCEPInstall.exe 6.       Restart Windows6. 1-KB3092... Windows6. 1-KB3092...      Friday, September 11, 2015 10:47 AM If patches below do not work.  1.       Restart user’s computer 2.       Open CMD as Administrator\Different User – ADM Credentials 3.       Cd C:\windows\ccmsetup 4.       SCEPInstall.exe /u 5.       SCEPInstall.exe 6.       Restart Windows6. 1-KB3092... Windows6. 1-KB3092...    ","repair scep - (antivirus) repair scep - (antivirus) repair scep - (antivirus) repair scep - (antivirus) repair scep - (antivirus) repair scep - (antivirus) repair scep - (antivirus) repair scep - (antivirus) repair scep - (antivirus) repair scep - (antivirus) 10:47 friday, september 11, 2015 patch work. 1. restart user’s computer 2. open cmd administrator\different user – adm credentials 3. cd c:\windows\ccmsetup 4. scepinstall.exe /u 5. scepinstall.exe 6. restart windows6. 1-kb3092... windows6. 1-kb3092... friday, september 11, 2015 10:47 patch work. 1. restart user’s computer 2. open cmd administrator\different user – adm credentials 3. cd c:\windows\ccmsetup 4. scepinstall.exe /u 5. scepinstall.exe 6. restart windows6. 1-kb3092... windows6. 1-kb3092...","Repair SCEP - (Antivirus) Repair SCEP - (Antivirus)   10:47 AM Friday, September 11, 2015 If patches below do not work.  1.       Restart user’s computer 2.       Open CMD as Administrator\Different User – ADM Credentials 3.       Cd C:\windows\ccmsetup 4.       SCEPInstall.exe /u 5.       SCEPInstall.exe 6.       Restart Windows6. 1-KB3092... Windows6. 1-KB3092...      Friday, September 11, 2015 10:47 AM If patches below do not work.  1.       Restart user’s computer 2.       Open CMD as Administrator\Different User – ADM Credentials 3.       Cd C:\windows\ccmsetup 4.       SCEPInstall.exe /u 5.       SCEPInstall.exe 6.       Restart Windows6. 1-KB3092... Windows6. 1-KB3092...    ","repair scep - (antivirus) repair scep - (antivirus) 10:47 friday, september 11, 2015 patch work. 1. restart user’s computer 2. open cmd administrator\different user – adm credentials 3. cd c:\windows\ccmsetup 4. scepinstall.exe /u 5. scepinstall.exe 6. restart windows6. 1-kb3092... windows6. 1-kb3092... friday, september 11, 2015 10:47 patch work. 1. restart user’s computer 2. open cmd administrator\different user – adm credentials 3. cd c:\windows\ccmsetup 4. scepinstall.exe /u 5. scepinstall.exe 6. restart windows6. 1-kb3092... windows6. 1-kb3092..."
364,Request Upload from Third Party," Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:54 AM Request Upload from Third Party 1.) Click the ‘Request Upload’ button located near the left corner of the ‘My Files’ page. 2.) When the pop-up box appears, you may select an expiration date (7 day limit), add a message  to send to third party (1000 character limit), and scan for viruses. By default, expiration date will be set for one week in advance. Enter the e-mail address of the third party If several files need to be transferred, select ‘Allow multiple file uploads for this request’ Note, if you set a password on the upload, don’t send the password via e-mail, call the person  or send a letter instead. Click ‘Create Request’ The third-party will get an e-mail similar to the message below: 3.)     4.) The link will lead to a page allowing the file upload: If you’ve allowed multiple file uploads, the recipient will be able to select and upload several  files, one at a time: 5.) Once the file or files are uploaded, you can download it to your computer. Click on the file  name to open the file menu. Click “Download This File” to download or open the document. Note that the file will expire in  seven days, when it expires it will be permanently deleted.      Need to Share the Documents with others? Learn about Sharing a File with Berkadia users and Third  Parties.    ","[72, 0, 72, 779]","[769, 771]","Request Upload from Third Party Request Upload from Third Party Request Upload from Third Party Request Upload from Third Party Request Upload from Third Party Request Upload from Third Party Request Upload from Third Party Request Upload from Third Party Request Upload from Third Party Request Upload from Third Party   Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:54 AM Request Upload from Third Party 1.) Click the ‘Request Upload’ button located near the left corner of the ‘My Files’ page. 2.) When the pop-up box appears, you may select an expiration date (7 day limit), add a message  to send to third party (1000 character limit), and scan for viruses. By default, expiration date will be set for one week in advance. Enter the e-mail address of the third party If several files need to be transferred, select ‘Allow multiple file uploads for this request’ Note, if you set a password on the upload, don’t send the password via e-mail, call the person  or send a letter instead. Click ‘Create Request’ The third-party will get an e-mail similar to the message below: 3.)     4.) The link will lead to a page allowing the file upload: If you’ve allowed multiple file uploads, the recipient will be able to select and upload several  files, one at a time: 5.) Once the file or files are uploaded, you can download it to your computer. Click on the file  name to open the file menu. Click “Download This File” to download or open the document. Note that the file will expire in  seven days, when it expires it will be permanently deleted.      Need to Share the Documents with others? Learn about Sharing a File with Berkadia users and Third  Parties.    ","request upload third party request upload third party request upload third party request upload third party request upload third party request upload third party request upload third party request upload third party request upload third party request upload third party thursday, december 13, 2012 11:54 request upload third party 1.) click ‘request upload’ button locate near leave corner ‘my files’ page. 2.) pop-up box appears, may select expiration date (7 day limit), add message send third party (1000 character limit), scan viruses. default, expiration date set one week advance. enter e-mail address third party several file need transferred, select ‘allow multiple file upload request’ note, set password upload, don’t send password via e-mail, call person send letter instead. click ‘create request’ third-party get e-mail similar message below: 3.) 4.) link lead page allow file upload: you’ve allow multiple file uploads, recipient able select upload several files, one time: 5.) file file uploaded, download computer. click file name open file menu. click “download file” download open document. note file expire seven days, expire permanently deleted. need share document others learn share file berkadia users third parties.","Request Upload from Third Party Request Upload from Third Party   Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:54 AM Request Upload from Third Party 1.) Click the ‘Request Upload’ button located near the left corner of the ‘My Files’ page. 2.) When the pop-up box appears, you may select an expiration date (7 day limit), add a message  to send to third party (1000 character limit), and scan for viruses. By default, expiration date will be set for one week in advance. Enter the e-mail address of the third party If several files need to be transferred, select ‘Allow multiple file uploads for this request’ Note, if you set a password on the upload, don’t send the password via e-mail, call the person  or send a letter instead. Click ‘Create Request’ The third-party will get an e-mail similar to the message below: 3.)     4.) The link will lead to a page allowing the file upload: If you’ve allowed multiple file uploads, the recipient will be able to select and upload several  files, one at a time: 5.) Once the file or files are uploaded, you can download it to your computer. Click on the file  name to open the file menu. Click “Download This File” to download or open the document. Note that the file will expire in  seven days, when it expires it will be permanently deleted.      Need to Share the Documents with others? Learn about Sharing a File with Berkadia users and Third  Parties.    ","request upload third party request upload third party thursday, december 13, 2012 11:54 request upload third party 1.) click ‘request upload’ button locate near leave corner ‘my files’ page. 2.) pop-up box appears, may select expiration date (7 day limit), add message send third party (1000 character limit), scan viruses. default, expiration date set one week advance. enter e-mail address third party several file need transferred, select ‘allow multiple file upload request’ note, set password upload, don’t send password via e-mail, call person send letter instead. click ‘create request’ third-party get e-mail similar message below: 3.) 4.) link lead page allow file upload: you’ve allow multiple file uploads, recipient able select upload several files, one time: 5.) file file uploaded, download computer. click file name open file menu. click “download file” download open document. note file expire seven days, expire permanently deleted. need share document others learn share file berkadia users third parties."
365,Reset Xerox Secure Print PIN," Wednesday, March 28, 2018 9:32 AM How to Reset a Secure Print Password Right click on a network Xerox printer > Printing Preferences. Click on the … button and change passcode. Open Devices and Printers         ","[62, 2, 62, 779]","[1065, 1066]","Reset Xerox Secure Print PIN Reset Xerox Secure Print PIN Reset Xerox Secure Print PIN Reset Xerox Secure Print PIN Reset Xerox Secure Print PIN Reset Xerox Secure Print PIN Reset Xerox Secure Print PIN Reset Xerox Secure Print PIN Reset Xerox Secure Print PIN Reset Xerox Secure Print PIN   Wednesday, March 28, 2018 9:32 AM How to Reset a Secure Print Password Right click on a network Xerox printer > Printing Preferences. Click on the … button and change passcode. Open Devices and Printers         ","reset xerox secure print pin reset xerox secure print pin reset xerox secure print pin reset xerox secure print pin reset xerox secure print pin reset xerox secure print pin reset xerox secure print pin reset xerox secure print pin reset xerox secure print pin reset xerox secure print pin wednesday, march 28, 2018 9:32 reset secure print password right click network xerox printer > print preferences. click … button change passcode. open devices printers","Reset Xerox Secure Print PIN Reset Xerox Secure Print PIN   Wednesday, March 28, 2018 9:32 AM How to Reset a Secure Print Password Right click on a network Xerox printer > Printing Preferences. Click on the … button and change passcode. Open Devices and Printers         ","reset xerox secure print pin reset xerox secure print pin wednesday, march 28, 2018 9:32 reset secure print password right click network xerox printer > print preferences. click … button change passcode. open devices printers"
366,Resolve Signature Inaccuracies in Outlook," Sunday, May 22, 2016 8:15 PM If a user has a change in title/address/phone number, this may cause an issue with the cached  Outlook signature not being accurate. This can also occur if a user attempts to create or edit their  signature without following proper procedures.  ExSync.exe is a service that runs constantly on all domain-connected PCs.  mo It pulls current information from Active Directory and stores signatures here:  C:\Users\*local user*\AppData\Roaming\Microsoft\Signatures      If you do not see the ExSync.exe/ExSync.exe *32 process running in task manager, click on the start  menu and then type \\pa508exsmo1\signatures$ Double click the ExSync.exe icon depicted above. It can sometimes take up to 5 minutes to fully  launch and update the local signature. Since files in the signatures  folder contain a last modified  time/date, it will be easy to determine if they have been updated. You can verify the content of the signature by opening Outlook. Clicking File->Options then Mail on  the left hand column. Finally click Signatures as seen in the example below. Make sure that signature  is selected to apply to new messages. Some users may also prefer to have the signature apply to  Replies/Forwards as well, even though this is not Berkadia policy.         ","[72, 0, 72, 779]","[196, 198]","Resolve Signature Inaccuracies in Outlook Resolve Signature Inaccuracies in Outlook Resolve Signature Inaccuracies in Outlook Resolve Signature Inaccuracies in Outlook Resolve Signature Inaccuracies in Outlook Resolve Signature Inaccuracies in Outlook Resolve Signature Inaccuracies in Outlook Resolve Signature Inaccuracies in Outlook Resolve Signature Inaccuracies in Outlook Resolve Signature Inaccuracies in Outlook   Sunday, May 22, 2016 8:15 PM If a user has a change in title/address/phone number, this may cause an issue with the cached  Outlook signature not being accurate. This can also occur if a user attempts to create or edit their  signature without following proper procedures.  ExSync.exe is a service that runs constantly on all domain-connected PCs.  mo It pulls current information from Active Directory and stores signatures here:  C:\Users\*local user*\AppData\Roaming\Microsoft\Signatures      If you do not see the ExSync.exe/ExSync.exe *32 process running in task manager, click on the start  menu and then type \\pa508exsmo1\signatures$ Double click the ExSync.exe icon depicted above. It can sometimes take up to 5 minutes to fully  launch and update the local signature. Since files in the signatures  folder contain a last modified  time/date, it will be easy to determine if they have been updated. You can verify the content of the signature by opening Outlook. Clicking File->Options then Mail on  the left hand column. Finally click Signatures as seen in the example below. Make sure that signature  is selected to apply to new messages. Some users may also prefer to have the signature apply to  Replies/Forwards as well, even though this is not Berkadia policy.         ","resolve signature inaccuracies outlook resolve signature inaccuracies outlook resolve signature inaccuracies outlook resolve signature inaccuracies outlook resolve signature inaccuracies outlook resolve signature inaccuracies outlook resolve signature inaccuracies outlook resolve signature inaccuracies outlook resolve signature inaccuracies outlook resolve signature inaccuracies outlook sunday, may 22, 2016 8:15 pm user change title/address/phone number, may cause issue cache outlook signature accurate. also occur user attempt create edit signature without follow proper procedures. exsync.exe service run constantly domain-connected pcs. mo pull current information active directory store signatures here: c:\users\*local user*\appdata\roaming\microsoft\signatures see exsync.exe/exsync.exe *32 process run task manager, click start menu type \\pa508exsmo1\signatures$ double click exsync.exe icon depict above. sometimes take 5 minutes fully launch update local signature. since file signatures folder contain last modify time/date, easy determine updated. verify content signature open outlook. click file->options mail leave hand column. finally click signatures see example below. make sure signature select apply new messages. users may also prefer signature apply replies/forwards well, even though berkadia policy.","Resolve Signature Inaccuracies in Outlook Resolve Signature Inaccuracies in Outlook   Sunday, May 22, 2016 8:15 PM If a user has a change in title/address/phone number, this may cause an issue with the cached  Outlook signature not being accurate. This can also occur if a user attempts to create or edit their  signature without following proper procedures.  ExSync.exe is a service that runs constantly on all domain-connected PCs.  mo It pulls current information from Active Directory and stores signatures here:  C:\Users\*local user*\AppData\Roaming\Microsoft\Signatures      If you do not see the ExSync.exe/ExSync.exe *32 process running in task manager, click on the start  menu and then type \\pa508exsmo1\signatures$ Double click the ExSync.exe icon depicted above. It can sometimes take up to 5 minutes to fully  launch and update the local signature. Since files in the signatures  folder contain a last modified  time/date, it will be easy to determine if they have been updated. You can verify the content of the signature by opening Outlook. Clicking File->Options then Mail on  the left hand column. Finally click Signatures as seen in the example below. Make sure that signature  is selected to apply to new messages. Some users may also prefer to have the signature apply to  Replies/Forwards as well, even though this is not Berkadia policy.         ","resolve signature inaccuracies outlook resolve signature inaccuracies outlook sunday, may 22, 2016 8:15 pm user change title/address/phone number, may cause issue cache outlook signature accurate. also occur user attempt create edit signature without follow proper procedures. exsync.exe service run constantly domain-connected pcs. mo pull current information active directory store signatures here: c:\users\*local user*\appdata\roaming\microsoft\signatures see exsync.exe/exsync.exe *32 process run task manager, click start menu type \\pa508exsmo1\signatures$ double click exsync.exe icon depict above. sometimes take 5 minutes fully launch update local signature. since file signatures folder contain last modify time/date, easy determine updated. verify content signature open outlook. click file->options mail leave hand column. finally click signatures see example below. make sure signature select apply new messages. users may also prefer signature apply replies/forwards well, even though berkadia policy."
367,Resolving Repeated Lockout Issues," Wednesday, March 16, 2016 9:11 PM When unlocking an account for a user, we should be checking with them if this is the first occurrence  within recent memory or if it is a repetitive issue. If a repetitive issue then we should be following  the process below. 1. Check Credential manager under the control panel. This can be accessed by clicking on the  start menu-> Control Panel then clicking Credential Manager.  You may need to change the  view by option from category to large icons. 2. Verify if there is a saved password related to outlook or anything related to Berkadia network  credentials. Unless there are special circumstances we should not be saving any network  passwords.      Select each saved item by clicking on it and select remove from vault. 3. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ We should also be making an effort to check the  Account Lockout Report and  Preauthentication Failure logs. They can be viewed here:   https://pa508evtadm03.gmaccm.com/Helpdesk/ These logs can help identify a potential issue  with perhaps a PC that someone forgot to log out of or identify if some old saved credentials  are causing a problem. When checking these logs, and using Internet Explorer to do so, the fastest way to search for  logs on a particular username is to click Edit-> Find on this page. This will highlight any items  that match your search. Method 2: rundll32.exe keymgr.dll,KRShowKeyMgr      From <https://security.stackexchange.com/questions/15574/how-do-i-clear-cached-credentials-from-my-windows- profile>     ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[102, 104]","Resolving Repeated Lockout Issues Resolving Repeated Lockout Issues Resolving Repeated Lockout Issues Resolving Repeated Lockout Issues Resolving Repeated Lockout Issues Resolving Repeated Lockout Issues Resolving Repeated Lockout Issues Resolving Repeated Lockout Issues Resolving Repeated Lockout Issues Resolving Repeated Lockout Issues   Wednesday, March 16, 2016 9:11 PM When unlocking an account for a user, we should be checking with them if this is the first occurrence  within recent memory or if it is a repetitive issue. If a repetitive issue then we should be following  the process below. 1. Check Credential manager under the control panel. This can be accessed by clicking on the  start menu-> Control Panel then clicking Credential Manager.  You may need to change the  view by option from category to large icons. 2. Verify if there is a saved password related to outlook or anything related to Berkadia network  credentials. Unless there are special circumstances we should not be saving any network  passwords.      Select each saved item by clicking on it and select remove from vault. 3. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ We should also be making an effort to check the  Account Lockout Report and  Preauthentication Failure logs. They can be viewed here:   https://pa508evtadm03.gmaccm.com/Helpdesk/ These logs can help identify a potential issue  with perhaps a PC that someone forgot to log out of or identify if some old saved credentials  are causing a problem. When checking these logs, and using Internet Explorer to do so, the fastest way to search for  logs on a particular username is to click Edit-> Find on this page. This will highlight any items  that match your search. Method 2: rundll32.exe keymgr.dll,KRShowKeyMgr      From <https://security.stackexchange.com/questions/15574/how-do-i-clear-cached-credentials-from-my-windows- profile>     ","resolve repeat lockout issue resolve repeat lockout issue resolve repeat lockout issue resolve repeat lockout issue resolve repeat lockout issue resolve repeat lockout issue resolve repeat lockout issue resolve repeat lockout issue resolve repeat lockout issue resolve repeat lockout issue wednesday, march 16, 2016 9:11 pm unlock account user, check first occurrence within recent memory repetitive issue. repetitive issue follow process below. 1. check credential manager control panel. access click start menu-> control panel click credential manager. may need change view option category large icons. 2. verify save password relate outlook anything relate berkadia network credentials. unless special circumstances save network passwords. select save item click select remove vault. 3. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ also make effort check account lockout report preauthentication failure logs. view here: https://pa508evtadm03.gmaccm.com/helpdesk/ log help identify potential issue perhaps pc someone forget log identify old save credentials cause problem. check logs, use internet explorer so, fastest way search log particular username click edit-> find page. highlight items match search. method 2: rundll32.exe keymgr.dll,krshowkeymgr <https://security.stackexchange.com/questions/15574/how-do-i-clear-cached-credentials-from-my-windows- profile>","Resolving Repeated Lockout Issues Resolving Repeated Lockout Issues   Wednesday, March 16, 2016 9:11 PM When unlocking an account for a user, we should be checking with them if this is the first occurrence  within recent memory or if it is a repetitive issue. If a repetitive issue then we should be following  the process below. 1. Check Credential manager under the control panel. This can be accessed by clicking on the  start menu-> Control Panel then clicking Credential Manager.  You may need to change the  view by option from category to large icons. 2. Verify if there is a saved password related to outlook or anything related to Berkadia network  credentials. Unless there are special circumstances we should not be saving any network  passwords.      Select each saved item by clicking on it and select remove from vault. 3. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ We should also be making an effort to check the  Account Lockout Report and  Preauthentication Failure logs. They can be viewed here:   https://pa508evtadm03.gmaccm.com/Helpdesk/ These logs can help identify a potential issue  with perhaps a PC that someone forgot to log out of or identify if some old saved credentials  are causing a problem. When checking these logs, and using Internet Explorer to do so, the fastest way to search for  logs on a particular username is to click Edit-> Find on this page. This will highlight any items  that match your search. Method 2: rundll32.exe keymgr.dll,KRShowKeyMgr      From <https://security.stackexchange.com/questions/15574/how-do-i-clear-cached-credentials-from-my-windows- profile>     ","resolve repeat lockout issue resolve repeat lockout issue wednesday, march 16, 2016 9:11 pm unlock account user, check first occurrence within recent memory repetitive issue. repetitive issue follow process below. 1. check credential manager control panel. access click start menu-> control panel click credential manager. may need change view option category large icons. 2. verify save password relate outlook anything relate berkadia network credentials. unless special circumstances save network passwords. select save item click select remove vault. 3. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ also make effort check account lockout report preauthentication failure logs. view here: https://pa508evtadm03.gmaccm.com/helpdesk/ log help identify potential issue perhaps pc someone forget log identify old save credentials cause problem. check logs, use internet explorer so, fastest way search log particular username click edit-> find page. highlight items match search. method 2: rundll32.exe keymgr.dll,krshowkeymgr <https://security.stackexchange.com/questions/15574/how-do-i-clear-cached-credentials-from-my-windows- profile>"
368,Restore An Accidentally Deleted File On A Shared Drive," Wednesday, March 16, 2016 9:52 PM How to Restore a file or Files using Previous Version. Keep in mind this process should work for any shared drive in our environment. As a specific  example let's say a user accidentally deletes a file or folder on a shared drive such as H: And then you accidentally delete some files like the ones highlighted.      Go to your H drive right Click on your H Drive then left click on properties from the drop down  menu. A window like this should pop up . Left Click on Previous Version tab and you will see various times and dates to chose from in when to  restore the files. By default there are two snapshots taken per day of your files. Whichever Date and time you deleted your files you will want to go to the previous snapshot. Select the correct snapshot and click on the open button. You can also doubleclick on the snapshot  that corresponds with the date you are looking for.         A window will pop up.  Notice that in the address field you will see the name of the “snapshot” you  are looking at.     Right click the file that were deleted (in this case Test.pst), then left click on copy from the drop  down menu. You can now close this window out and open Windows Explorer up. Browse  to your H Drive, or any  location you want to save the recovered files. Right click where you would like the files to be  restored to, from the dropdown menu you can select paste.       Files have now been restored.    ","[72, 0, 72, 779]","[443, 446]","Restore An Accidentally Deleted File On A Shared Drive Restore An Accidentally Deleted File On A Shared Drive Restore An Accidentally Deleted File On A Shared Drive Restore An Accidentally Deleted File On A Shared Drive Restore An Accidentally Deleted File On A Shared Drive Restore An Accidentally Deleted File On A Shared Drive Restore An Accidentally Deleted File On A Shared Drive Restore An Accidentally Deleted File On A Shared Drive Restore An Accidentally Deleted File On A Shared Drive Restore An Accidentally Deleted File On A Shared Drive   Wednesday, March 16, 2016 9:52 PM How to Restore a file or Files using Previous Version. Keep in mind this process should work for any shared drive in our environment. As a specific  example let's say a user accidentally deletes a file or folder on a shared drive such as H: And then you accidentally delete some files like the ones highlighted.      Go to your H drive right Click on your H Drive then left click on properties from the drop down  menu. A window like this should pop up . Left Click on Previous Version tab and you will see various times and dates to chose from in when to  restore the files. By default there are two snapshots taken per day of your files. Whichever Date and time you deleted your files you will want to go to the previous snapshot. Select the correct snapshot and click on the open button. You can also doubleclick on the snapshot  that corresponds with the date you are looking for.         A window will pop up.  Notice that in the address field you will see the name of the “snapshot” you  are looking at.     Right click the file that were deleted (in this case Test.pst), then left click on copy from the drop  down menu. You can now close this window out and open Windows Explorer up. Browse  to your H Drive, or any  location you want to save the recovered files. Right click where you would like the files to be  restored to, from the dropdown menu you can select paste.       Files have now been restored.    ","restore accidentally delete file share drive restore accidentally delete file share drive restore accidentally delete file share drive restore accidentally delete file share drive restore accidentally delete file share drive restore accidentally delete file share drive restore accidentally delete file share drive restore accidentally delete file share drive restore accidentally delete file share drive restore accidentally delete file share drive wednesday, march 16, 2016 9:52 pm restore file file use previous version. keep mind process work share drive environment. specific example let's say user accidentally delete file folder share drive h: accidentally delete file like ones highlighted. go h drive right click h drive leave click properties drop menu. window like pop . leave click previous version tab see various time date choose restore files. default two snapshots take per day files. whichever date time delete file want go previous snapshot. select correct snapshot click open button. also doubleclick snapshot correspond date look for. window pop up. notice address field see name “snapshot” look at. right click file delete (in case test.pst), leave click copy drop menu. close window open windows explorer up. browse h drive, location want save recover files. right click would like file restore to, dropdown menu select paste. file restored.","Restore An Accidentally Deleted File On A Shared Drive Restore An Accidentally Deleted File On A Shared Drive   Wednesday, March 16, 2016 9:52 PM How to Restore a file or Files using Previous Version. Keep in mind this process should work for any shared drive in our environment. As a specific  example let's say a user accidentally deletes a file or folder on a shared drive such as H: And then you accidentally delete some files like the ones highlighted.      Go to your H drive right Click on your H Drive then left click on properties from the drop down  menu. A window like this should pop up . Left Click on Previous Version tab and you will see various times and dates to chose from in when to  restore the files. By default there are two snapshots taken per day of your files. Whichever Date and time you deleted your files you will want to go to the previous snapshot. Select the correct snapshot and click on the open button. You can also doubleclick on the snapshot  that corresponds with the date you are looking for.         A window will pop up.  Notice that in the address field you will see the name of the “snapshot” you  are looking at.     Right click the file that were deleted (in this case Test.pst), then left click on copy from the drop  down menu. You can now close this window out and open Windows Explorer up. Browse  to your H Drive, or any  location you want to save the recovered files. Right click where you would like the files to be  restored to, from the dropdown menu you can select paste.       Files have now been restored.    ","restore accidentally delete file share drive restore accidentally delete file share drive wednesday, march 16, 2016 9:52 pm restore file file use previous version. keep mind process work share drive environment. specific example let's say user accidentally delete file folder share drive h: accidentally delete file like ones highlighted. go h drive right click h drive leave click properties drop menu. window like pop . leave click previous version tab see various time date choose restore files. default two snapshots take per day files. whichever date time delete file want go previous snapshot. select correct snapshot click open button. also doubleclick snapshot correspond date look for. window pop up. notice address field see name “snapshot” look at. right click file delete (in case test.pst), leave click copy drop menu. close window open windows explorer up. browse h drive, location want save recover files. right click would like file restore to, dropdown menu select paste. file restored."
369,Restore File from Shadow Copy," Thursday, April 23, 2015 12:11 PM              ","[72, 0, 72, 779]","[440, 442]","Restore File from Shadow Copy Restore File from Shadow Copy Restore File from Shadow Copy Restore File from Shadow Copy Restore File from Shadow Copy Restore File from Shadow Copy Restore File from Shadow Copy Restore File from Shadow Copy Restore File from Shadow Copy Restore File from Shadow Copy   Thursday, April 23, 2015 12:11 PM              ","restore file shadow copy restore file shadow copy restore file shadow copy restore file shadow copy restore file shadow copy restore file shadow copy restore file shadow copy restore file shadow copy restore file shadow copy restore file shadow copy thursday, april 23, 2015 12:11 pm","Restore File from Shadow Copy Restore File from Shadow Copy   Thursday, April 23, 2015 12:11 PM              ","restore file shadow copy restore file shadow copy thursday, april 23, 2015 12:11 pm"
370,Restore a File," Monday, June 24, 2013 8:50 AM How to Restore a file or Files using Previous Version Client. Ok … Say you are in your H Drive … Like so …  And then you accidentally delete some files like the ones highlighted       Even after your warning like this ..  You can now restore them on your own  Easiest way to do this is to now go to your H drive and highlight it       With your mouse, right Click on your H Drive go down to Properties and left Click.      A window like this should pop up       Left Click on Previous Version tab and you will see various times and dates to chose from in  when to restore the files. By default there are two snapshots taken per day of your files.  7 am and noon.   What ever Date and time you deleted your files you will want to go to the previsous snapshot.    For example Say the date is 07/23/2002 and I deleted files at 2pm that day …  I would then go to the 07/23/2002 Noon ( 12 pm .. Because that was the 1st snapshot going  back from when I deleted my files ) snapshot and click on the view button like such.       A window will pop up.  Notice that in the address field you will see the name of the  “snapshot” you are looking at.      Highlight the files that were deleted.  In this case my Khoa2.jpg, Khoa3.jpg, Khoa4.jpg, and  my Khoa.jpg files were deleted up above.  I will highlight these files, Click on my Edit in my  menu bar and select Copy.  ( Notice you can also right click on the files you selected to  Restore and select copy ) You can now close this window out and open your  Explorer up, go to your H Drive and  highlight where you would like the files to be restored to.  In this case I will want to restore  these file to my H drive       Here is where I copied my files and then closed this window. Now I am back in my H drive and I will go to the Menu bar and Select Edit .. and then Paste..       You will now notice that your files are restored  Basic Previous Version Restore Document ver.91b      Basic Previous Version Restore Document ver.91b By Alex Levin     ","[72, 0, 72, 779]","[417, 426]","Restore a File Restore a File Restore a File Restore a File Restore a File Restore a File Restore a File Restore a File Restore a File Restore a File   Monday, June 24, 2013 8:50 AM How to Restore a file or Files using Previous Version Client. Ok … Say you are in your H Drive … Like so …  And then you accidentally delete some files like the ones highlighted       Even after your warning like this ..  You can now restore them on your own  Easiest way to do this is to now go to your H drive and highlight it       With your mouse, right Click on your H Drive go down to Properties and left Click.      A window like this should pop up       Left Click on Previous Version tab and you will see various times and dates to chose from in  when to restore the files. By default there are two snapshots taken per day of your files.  7 am and noon.   What ever Date and time you deleted your files you will want to go to the previsous snapshot.    For example Say the date is 07/23/2002 and I deleted files at 2pm that day …  I would then go to the 07/23/2002 Noon ( 12 pm .. Because that was the 1st snapshot going  back from when I deleted my files ) snapshot and click on the view button like such.       A window will pop up.  Notice that in the address field you will see the name of the  “snapshot” you are looking at.      Highlight the files that were deleted.  In this case my Khoa2.jpg, Khoa3.jpg, Khoa4.jpg, and  my Khoa.jpg files were deleted up above.  I will highlight these files, Click on my Edit in my  menu bar and select Copy.  ( Notice you can also right click on the files you selected to  Restore and select copy ) You can now close this window out and open your  Explorer up, go to your H Drive and  highlight where you would like the files to be restored to.  In this case I will want to restore  these file to my H drive       Here is where I copied my files and then closed this window. Now I am back in my H drive and I will go to the Menu bar and Select Edit .. and then Paste..       You will now notice that your files are restored  Basic Previous Version Restore Document ver.91b      Basic Previous Version Restore Document ver.91b By Alex Levin     ","restore file restore file restore file restore file restore file restore file restore file restore file restore file restore file monday, june 24, 2013 8:50 restore file file use previous version client. ok … say h drive … like … accidentally delete file like ones highlight even warn like .. restore  easiest way go h drive highlight mouse, right click h drive go properties leave click. window like pop leave click previous version tab see various time date choose restore files. default two snapshots take per day files. 7 noon. ever date time delete file want go previsous snapshot. example say date 07/23/2002 delete file 2pm day … would go 07/23/2002 noon ( 12 pm .. 1st snapshot go back delete file ) snapshot click view button like such. window pop up. notice address field see name “snapshot” look at. highlight file deleted. case khoa2.jpg, khoa3.jpg, khoa4.jpg, khoa.jpg file delete above. highlight files, click edit menu bar select copy. ( notice also right click file select restore select copy ) close window open explorer up, go h drive highlight would like file restore to. case want restore file h drive copy file close window. back h drive go menu bar select edit .. paste.. notice file restore  basic previous version restore document ver.91b basic previous version restore document ver.91b alex levin","Restore a File Restore a File   Monday, June 24, 2013 8:50 AM How to Restore a file or Files using Previous Version Client. Ok … Say you are in your H Drive … Like so …  And then you accidentally delete some files like the ones highlighted       Even after your warning like this ..  You can now restore them on your own  Easiest way to do this is to now go to your H drive and highlight it       With your mouse, right Click on your H Drive go down to Properties and left Click.      A window like this should pop up       Left Click on Previous Version tab and you will see various times and dates to chose from in  when to restore the files. By default there are two snapshots taken per day of your files.  7 am and noon.   What ever Date and time you deleted your files you will want to go to the previsous snapshot.    For example Say the date is 07/23/2002 and I deleted files at 2pm that day …  I would then go to the 07/23/2002 Noon ( 12 pm .. Because that was the 1st snapshot going  back from when I deleted my files ) snapshot and click on the view button like such.       A window will pop up.  Notice that in the address field you will see the name of the  “snapshot” you are looking at.      Highlight the files that were deleted.  In this case my Khoa2.jpg, Khoa3.jpg, Khoa4.jpg, and  my Khoa.jpg files were deleted up above.  I will highlight these files, Click on my Edit in my  menu bar and select Copy.  ( Notice you can also right click on the files you selected to  Restore and select copy ) You can now close this window out and open your  Explorer up, go to your H Drive and  highlight where you would like the files to be restored to.  In this case I will want to restore  these file to my H drive       Here is where I copied my files and then closed this window. Now I am back in my H drive and I will go to the Menu bar and Select Edit .. and then Paste..       You will now notice that your files are restored  Basic Previous Version Restore Document ver.91b      Basic Previous Version Restore Document ver.91b By Alex Levin     ","restore file restore file monday, june 24, 2013 8:50 restore file file use previous version client. ok … say h drive … like … accidentally delete file like ones highlight even warn like .. restore  easiest way go h drive highlight mouse, right click h drive go properties leave click. window like pop leave click previous version tab see various time date choose restore files. default two snapshots take per day files. 7 noon. ever date time delete file want go previsous snapshot. example say date 07/23/2002 delete file 2pm day … would go 07/23/2002 noon ( 12 pm .. 1st snapshot go back delete file ) snapshot click view button like such. window pop up. notice address field see name “snapshot” look at. highlight file deleted. case khoa2.jpg, khoa3.jpg, khoa4.jpg, khoa.jpg file delete above. highlight files, click edit menu bar select copy. ( notice also right click file select restore select copy ) close window open explorer up, go h drive highlight would like file restore to. case want restore file h drive copy file close window. back h drive go menu bar select edit .. paste.. notice file restore  basic previous version restore document ver.91b basic previous version restore document ver.91b alex levin"
371,Robin Ossenbeck," Sunday, June 26, 2016 5:09 PM STANDING DESK 2 x HP EilteDisplay E221 1 x HP EliteDesk 8300 desktop HP slim wireless keyboard Logitech wireless trackball Bose desktop computer speakers HP LaserJet 2035n printer hooked up via USB cable Cisco 7965 phone         ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[968, 969]","Robin Ossenbeck Robin Ossenbeck Robin Ossenbeck Robin Ossenbeck Robin Ossenbeck Robin Ossenbeck Robin Ossenbeck Robin Ossenbeck Robin Ossenbeck Robin Ossenbeck   Sunday, June 26, 2016 5:09 PM STANDING DESK 2 x HP EilteDisplay E221 1 x HP EliteDesk 8300 desktop HP slim wireless keyboard Logitech wireless trackball Bose desktop computer speakers HP LaserJet 2035n printer hooked up via USB cable Cisco 7965 phone         ","robin ossenbeck robin ossenbeck robin ossenbeck robin ossenbeck robin ossenbeck robin ossenbeck robin ossenbeck robin ossenbeck robin ossenbeck robin ossenbeck sunday, june 26, 2016 5:09 pm stand desk 2 x hp eiltedisplay e221 1 x hp elitedesk 8300 desktop hp slim wireless keyboard logitech wireless trackball bose desktop computer speakers hp laserjet 2035n printer hook via usb cable cisco 7965 phone","Robin Ossenbeck Robin Ossenbeck   Sunday, June 26, 2016 5:09 PM STANDING DESK 2 x HP EilteDisplay E221 1 x HP EliteDesk 8300 desktop HP slim wireless keyboard Logitech wireless trackball Bose desktop computer speakers HP LaserJet 2035n printer hooked up via USB cable Cisco 7965 phone         ","robin ossenbeck robin ossenbeck sunday, june 26, 2016 5:09 pm stand desk 2 x hp eiltedisplay e221 1 x hp elitedesk 8300 desktop hp slim wireless keyboard logitech wireless trackball bose desktop computer speakers hp laserjet 2035n printer hook via usb cable cisco 7965 phone"
372,Running an Installed Programs Report," Thursday, February 18, 2016 9:14 AM Start by locating the name of the computer you want to know what programs are installed on. Then- Access the SCCM report server via Internet Explorer using this link - http://pa508cm1:81/ReportServer/ Click ConfigMgr_HOR Click Software - Companies and Products Click Software registered in Add Remove Programs on a specific computer Input the Computer Name and click View Report Report will run. *NOTE* Report can be saved as a PDF file for easier viewing.      Most of the entries in the report will be updates. You want to scroll through the report and look for  things like Acrobat Pro X or Streets & Trips, so you know to install these on the new computer.    ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[1179, 1180]","Running an Installed Programs Report Running an Installed Programs Report Running an Installed Programs Report Running an Installed Programs Report Running an Installed Programs Report Running an Installed Programs Report Running an Installed Programs Report Running an Installed Programs Report Running an Installed Programs Report Running an Installed Programs Report   Thursday, February 18, 2016 9:14 AM Start by locating the name of the computer you want to know what programs are installed on. Then- Access the SCCM report server via Internet Explorer using this link - http://pa508cm1:81/ReportServer/ Click ConfigMgr_HOR Click Software - Companies and Products Click Software registered in Add Remove Programs on a specific computer Input the Computer Name and click View Report Report will run. *NOTE* Report can be saved as a PDF file for easier viewing.      Most of the entries in the report will be updates. You want to scroll through the report and look for  things like Acrobat Pro X or Streets & Trips, so you know to install these on the new computer.    ","run instal program report run instal program report run instal program report run instal program report run instal program report run instal program report run instal program report run instal program report run instal program report run instal program report thursday, february 18, 2016 9:14 start locate name computer want know program instal on. then- access sccm report server via internet explorer use link - http://pa508cm1:81/reportserver/ click configmgr_hor click software - company products click software register add remove program specific computer input computer name click view report report run. *note* report save pdf file easier viewing. entries report updates. want scroll report look things like acrobat pro x streets & trips, know install new computer.","Running an Installed Programs Report Running an Installed Programs Report   Thursday, February 18, 2016 9:14 AM Start by locating the name of the computer you want to know what programs are installed on. Then- Access the SCCM report server via Internet Explorer using this link - http://pa508cm1:81/ReportServer/ Click ConfigMgr_HOR Click Software - Companies and Products Click Software registered in Add Remove Programs on a specific computer Input the Computer Name and click View Report Report will run. *NOTE* Report can be saved as a PDF file for easier viewing.      Most of the entries in the report will be updates. You want to scroll through the report and look for  things like Acrobat Pro X or Streets & Trips, so you know to install these on the new computer.    ","run instal program report run instal program report thursday, february 18, 2016 9:14 start locate name computer want know program instal on. then- access sccm report server via internet explorer use link - http://pa508cm1:81/reportserver/ click configmgr_hor click software - company products click software register add remove program specific computer input computer name click view report report run. *note* report save pdf file easier viewing. entries report updates. want scroll report look things like acrobat pro x streets & trips, know install new computer."
373,SCCM & Active Directory," Friday, February 12, 2016 12:36 PM Sometimes we will be asked to re-build an existing machine for someone else, say for example someone leaves the  company and someone else will be getting the exiting person's equipment. When we reuse/reimage a computer, we  need to make sure that the existing accounts/information are purged from Active Directory and SCCM. Use the following  procedure to accomplish this. Start by turning on the machine you wish to rebuild and finding the existing computer name. If the machine has  Checkpoint and Preboot is enabled, the name will be displayed at the bottom of the screen, like below. For machines without Checkpoint, you can find the computer name at the logon screen. In the username box type the  characters .\ and the computer name will be displayed under the password box, as the logon to. Record the computer name somewhere so you don't forget it, and then launch SCCM. Under Assets & Compliance, click on Device Collections, and then double click on All Systems In the search box, type the name of the computer and click Search. We do not want the old computer name to remain in  SCCM, so we will now remove it. In our example, we will be rebuilding Dan Biron's old laptop for a new user, so we need to remove its accounts from  AD & SCCM. Dan's laptop was named NYNYPDBIRONL.  A search in SCCM shows Dan's laptop has not been turned on for a while, so it has been automatically removed  from SCCM due to inactivity. You can tell this because the computername does not show up when you search the       from SCCM due to inactivity. You can tell this because the computername does not show up when you search the  All Systems group for it. Now remove the old computername from AD. Open Active Directory Users and Computers, right click on  gmaccm.com, and click Find. In the FIND box click the drop down and select Computers. In the computer name box input the name of the computer and click Find Now.      In the Search results section right click the computername and click Delete. Confirm you want to delete the machine account by clicking Yes.    ","[69, 0, 69, 753]","[1175, 1177]","SCCM & Active Directory SCCM & Active Directory SCCM & Active Directory SCCM & Active Directory SCCM & Active Directory SCCM & Active Directory SCCM & Active Directory SCCM & Active Directory SCCM & Active Directory SCCM & Active Directory   Friday, February 12, 2016 12:36 PM Sometimes we will be asked to re-build an existing machine for someone else, say for example someone leaves the  company and someone else will be getting the exiting person's equipment. When we reuse/reimage a computer, we  need to make sure that the existing accounts/information are purged from Active Directory and SCCM. Use the following  procedure to accomplish this. Start by turning on the machine you wish to rebuild and finding the existing computer name. If the machine has  Checkpoint and Preboot is enabled, the name will be displayed at the bottom of the screen, like below. For machines without Checkpoint, you can find the computer name at the logon screen. In the username box type the  characters .\ and the computer name will be displayed under the password box, as the logon to. Record the computer name somewhere so you don't forget it, and then launch SCCM. Under Assets & Compliance, click on Device Collections, and then double click on All Systems In the search box, type the name of the computer and click Search. We do not want the old computer name to remain in  SCCM, so we will now remove it. In our example, we will be rebuilding Dan Biron's old laptop for a new user, so we need to remove its accounts from  AD & SCCM. Dan's laptop was named NYNYPDBIRONL.  A search in SCCM shows Dan's laptop has not been turned on for a while, so it has been automatically removed  from SCCM due to inactivity. You can tell this because the computername does not show up when you search the       from SCCM due to inactivity. You can tell this because the computername does not show up when you search the  All Systems group for it. Now remove the old computername from AD. Open Active Directory Users and Computers, right click on  gmaccm.com, and click Find. In the FIND box click the drop down and select Computers. In the computer name box input the name of the computer and click Find Now.      In the Search results section right click the computername and click Delete. Confirm you want to delete the machine account by clicking Yes.    ","sccm & active directory sccm & active directory sccm & active directory sccm & active directory sccm & active directory sccm & active directory sccm & active directory sccm & active directory sccm & active directory sccm & active directory friday, february 12, 2016 12:36 pm sometimes ask re-build exist machine someone else, say example someone leave company someone else get exit person's equipment. reuse/reimage computer, need make sure exist accounts/information purge active directory sccm. use follow procedure accomplish this. start turn machine wish rebuild find exist computer name. machine checkpoint preboot enabled, name display bottom screen, like below. machine without checkpoint, find computer name logon screen. username box type character .\ computer name display password box, logon to. record computer name somewhere forget it, launch sccm. assets & compliance, click device collections, double click systems search box, type name computer click search. want old computer name remain sccm, remove it. example, rebuild dan biron's old laptop new user, need remove account ad & sccm. dan's laptop name nynypdbironl. search sccm show dan's laptop turn while, automatically remove sccm due inactivity. tell computername show search sccm due inactivity. tell computername show search systems group it. remove old computername ad. open active directory users computers, right click gmaccm.com, click find. find box click drop select computers. computer name box input name computer click find now. search result section right click computername click delete. confirm want delete machine account click yes.","SCCM & Active Directory SCCM & Active Directory   Friday, February 12, 2016 12:36 PM Sometimes we will be asked to re-build an existing machine for someone else, say for example someone leaves the  company and someone else will be getting the exiting person's equipment. When we reuse/reimage a computer, we  need to make sure that the existing accounts/information are purged from Active Directory and SCCM. Use the following  procedure to accomplish this. Start by turning on the machine you wish to rebuild and finding the existing computer name. If the machine has  Checkpoint and Preboot is enabled, the name will be displayed at the bottom of the screen, like below. For machines without Checkpoint, you can find the computer name at the logon screen. In the username box type the  characters .\ and the computer name will be displayed under the password box, as the logon to. Record the computer name somewhere so you don't forget it, and then launch SCCM. Under Assets & Compliance, click on Device Collections, and then double click on All Systems In the search box, type the name of the computer and click Search. We do not want the old computer name to remain in  SCCM, so we will now remove it. In our example, we will be rebuilding Dan Biron's old laptop for a new user, so we need to remove its accounts from  AD & SCCM. Dan's laptop was named NYNYPDBIRONL.  A search in SCCM shows Dan's laptop has not been turned on for a while, so it has been automatically removed  from SCCM due to inactivity. You can tell this because the computername does not show up when you search the       from SCCM due to inactivity. You can tell this because the computername does not show up when you search the  All Systems group for it. Now remove the old computername from AD. Open Active Directory Users and Computers, right click on  gmaccm.com, and click Find. In the FIND box click the drop down and select Computers. In the computer name box input the name of the computer and click Find Now.      In the Search results section right click the computername and click Delete. Confirm you want to delete the machine account by clicking Yes.    ","sccm & active directory sccm & active directory friday, february 12, 2016 12:36 pm sometimes ask re-build exist machine someone else, say example someone leave company someone else get exit person's equipment. reuse/reimage computer, need make sure exist accounts/information purge active directory sccm. use follow procedure accomplish this. start turn machine wish rebuild find exist computer name. machine checkpoint preboot enabled, name display bottom screen, like below. machine without checkpoint, find computer name logon screen. username box type character .\ computer name display password box, logon to. record computer name somewhere forget it, launch sccm. assets & compliance, click device collections, double click systems search box, type name computer click search. want old computer name remain sccm, remove it. example, rebuild dan biron's old laptop new user, need remove account ad & sccm. dan's laptop name nynypdbironl. search sccm show dan's laptop turn while, automatically remove sccm due inactivity. tell computername show search sccm due inactivity. tell computername show search systems group it. remove old computername ad. open active directory users computers, right click gmaccm.com, click find. find box click drop select computers. computer name box input name computer click find now. search result section right click computername click delete. confirm want delete machine account click yes."
374,SCCM Install Issues," Thursday, January 18, 2018 8:43 AM At this time, it seems that the SCCM deployment is not up to date and new install is not connecting  to the site server. Please get new install from \\pa508cm1\SMS_HOR\tools\ConsoleSetup If the share is inaccessible, ask Greg or Nam    ","[72, 0, 182, 775]",[25],"SCCM Install Issues SCCM Install Issues SCCM Install Issues SCCM Install Issues SCCM Install Issues SCCM Install Issues SCCM Install Issues SCCM Install Issues SCCM Install Issues SCCM Install Issues   Thursday, January 18, 2018 8:43 AM At this time, it seems that the SCCM deployment is not up to date and new install is not connecting  to the site server. Please get new install from \\pa508cm1\SMS_HOR\tools\ConsoleSetup If the share is inaccessible, ask Greg or Nam    ","sccm install issue sccm install issue sccm install issue sccm install issue sccm install issue sccm install issue sccm install issue sccm install issue sccm install issue sccm install issue thursday, january 18, 2018 8:43 time, seem sccm deployment date new install connect site server. please get new install \\pa508cm1\sms_hor\tools\consolesetup share inaccessible, ask greg nam","SCCM Install Issues SCCM Install Issues   Thursday, January 18, 2018 8:43 AM At this time, it seems that the SCCM deployment is not up to date and new install is not connecting  to the site server. Please get new install from \\pa508cm1\SMS_HOR\tools\ConsoleSetup If the share is inaccessible, ask Greg or Nam    ","sccm install issue sccm install issue thursday, january 18, 2018 8:43 time, seem sccm deployment date new install connect site server. please get new install \\pa508cm1\sms_hor\tools\consolesetup share inaccessible, ask greg nam"
375,SCCM Reports," Thursday, June 28, 2018 10:05 AM Main page with default SCCM reports (log in with ADM acc): http://pa508cm1:82/Reports/Pages/Folder.aspx?ItemPath=%2fConfigMgr_HOR&ViewMode=Detail Scott from Desktop is writing several useful reports for Help Desk team under Home\ConfigMgr_Hor\Custom Reports\Lookups    ","[72, 0, 170, 775]",[26],"SCCM Reports SCCM Reports SCCM Reports SCCM Reports SCCM Reports SCCM Reports SCCM Reports SCCM Reports SCCM Reports SCCM Reports   Thursday, June 28, 2018 10:05 AM Main page with default SCCM reports (log in with ADM acc): http://pa508cm1:82/Reports/Pages/Folder.aspx?ItemPath=%2fConfigMgr_HOR&ViewMode=Detail Scott from Desktop is writing several useful reports for Help Desk team under Home\ConfigMgr_Hor\Custom Reports\Lookups    ","sccm report sccm report sccm report sccm report sccm report sccm report sccm report sccm report sccm report sccm report thursday, june 28, 2018 10:05 main page default sccm report (log adm acc): http://pa508cm1:82/reports/pages/folder.aspxitempath=%2fconfigmgr_hor&viewmode=detail scott desktop write several useful report help desk team home\configmgr_hor\custom reports\lookups","SCCM Reports SCCM Reports   Thursday, June 28, 2018 10:05 AM Main page with default SCCM reports (log in with ADM acc): http://pa508cm1:82/Reports/Pages/Folder.aspx?ItemPath=%2fConfigMgr_HOR&ViewMode=Detail Scott from Desktop is writing several useful reports for Help Desk team under Home\ConfigMgr_Hor\Custom Reports\Lookups    ","sccm report sccm report thursday, june 28, 2018 10:05 main page default sccm report (log adm acc): http://pa508cm1:82/reports/pages/folder.aspxitempath=%2fconfigmgr_hor&viewmode=detail scott desktop write several useful report help desk team home\configmgr_hor\custom reports\lookups"
376,SCCM Setup," Tuesday, August 15, 2017 1:00 PM System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM) Utilized for  Software Distribution Windows Updates Remote Assistance/Control/Desktop Querying Remote Computer Management \\pa508cm1\SMS_HOR\tools\ConsoleSetup THIS PATH IS ONLY ACCESSIBLE ON ADM ACCOUNT! Site Server Pa508cm1.gmaccm.com    ","[72, 0, 175, 775]",[24],"SCCM Setup SCCM Setup SCCM Setup SCCM Setup SCCM Setup SCCM Setup SCCM Setup SCCM Setup SCCM Setup SCCM Setup   Tuesday, August 15, 2017 1:00 PM System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM) Utilized for  Software Distribution Windows Updates Remote Assistance/Control/Desktop Querying Remote Computer Management \\pa508cm1\SMS_HOR\tools\ConsoleSetup THIS PATH IS ONLY ACCESSIBLE ON ADM ACCOUNT! Site Server Pa508cm1.gmaccm.com    ","sccm setup sccm setup sccm setup sccm setup sccm setup sccm setup sccm setup sccm setup sccm setup sccm setup tuesday, august 15, 2017 1:00 pm system center configuration manager (sccm) utilize software distribution windows update remote assistance/control/desktop query remote computer management \\pa508cm1\sms_hor\tools\consolesetup path accessible adm account! site server pa508cm1.gmaccm.com","SCCM Setup SCCM Setup   Tuesday, August 15, 2017 1:00 PM System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM) Utilized for  Software Distribution Windows Updates Remote Assistance/Control/Desktop Querying Remote Computer Management \\pa508cm1\SMS_HOR\tools\ConsoleSetup THIS PATH IS ONLY ACCESSIBLE ON ADM ACCOUNT! Site Server Pa508cm1.gmaccm.com    ","sccm setup sccm setup tuesday, august 15, 2017 1:00 pm system center configuration manager (sccm) utilize software distribution windows update remote assistance/control/desktop query remote computer management \\pa508cm1\sms_hor\tools\consolesetup path accessible adm account! site server pa508cm1.gmaccm.com"
377,SMB," Wednesday, August 19, 2015 11:26 AM","[72, 769, 249, 779]",[473],"SMB SMB SMB SMB SMB SMB SMB SMB SMB SMB   Wednesday, August 19, 2015 11:26 AM","smb smb smb smb smb smb smb smb smb smb wednesday, august 19, 2015 11:26","SMB SMB   Wednesday, August 19, 2015 11:26 AM","smb smb wednesday, august 19, 2015 11:26"
378,SOP for Enabling the KnowBe4 Phishing Alert Add in," Wednesday, July 25, 2018 10:39 PM SOP for Enabling the KnowBe4 Phish Alert Add-In         ","[56, 3, 56, 782]","[99, 100]","SOP for Enabling the KnowBe4 Phishing Alert Add in SOP for Enabling the KnowBe4 Phishing Alert Add in SOP for Enabling the KnowBe4 Phishing Alert Add in SOP for Enabling the KnowBe4 Phishing Alert Add in SOP for Enabling the KnowBe4 Phishing Alert Add in SOP for Enabling the KnowBe4 Phishing Alert Add in SOP for Enabling the KnowBe4 Phishing Alert Add in SOP for Enabling the KnowBe4 Phishing Alert Add in SOP for Enabling the KnowBe4 Phishing Alert Add in SOP for Enabling the KnowBe4 Phishing Alert Add in   Wednesday, July 25, 2018 10:39 PM SOP for Enabling the KnowBe4 Phish Alert Add-In         ","sop enable knowbe4 phishing alert add sop enable knowbe4 phishing alert add sop enable knowbe4 phishing alert add sop enable knowbe4 phishing alert add sop enable knowbe4 phishing alert add sop enable knowbe4 phishing alert add sop enable knowbe4 phishing alert add sop enable knowbe4 phishing alert add sop enable knowbe4 phishing alert add sop enable knowbe4 phishing alert add wednesday, july 25, 2018 10:39 pm sop enable knowbe4 phish alert add-in","SOP for Enabling the KnowBe4 Phishing Alert Add in SOP for Enabling the KnowBe4 Phishing Alert Add in   Wednesday, July 25, 2018 10:39 PM SOP for Enabling the KnowBe4 Phish Alert Add-In         ","sop enable knowbe4 phishing alert add sop enable knowbe4 phishing alert add wednesday, july 25, 2018 10:39 pm sop enable knowbe4 phish alert add-in"
379,Salesforce Access," Wednesday, January 17, 2018 10:51 AM    ","[72, 0, 193, 775]",[215],"Salesforce Access Salesforce Access Salesforce Access Salesforce Access Salesforce Access Salesforce Access Salesforce Access Salesforce Access Salesforce Access Salesforce Access   Wednesday, January 17, 2018 10:51 AM    ","salesforce access salesforce access salesforce access salesforce access salesforce access salesforce access salesforce access salesforce access salesforce access salesforce access wednesday, january 17, 2018 10:51","Salesforce Access Salesforce Access   Wednesday, January 17, 2018 10:51 AM    ","salesforce access salesforce access wednesday, january 17, 2018 10:51"
380,Scan To Email / Password Change," Friday, July 08, 2016 11:59 AM Configuring Scan to Email on a Konica Minolta Printer Using the Atlanta unit as an example: http://192.168.73.18/wcd/system_device.xml You would enter the IP of the printer in your browser, and then click on the “to login  screen” button in the upper right hand corner. At this point the standard Berkadia password should have been changed to  “B3rk@d1a” without quotes. In other cases the default Konica Password may be  “12345678” or “1234567812345678” every effort should be made to keep these  login passwords consistent across the board. To change this password you would  login as an administrator and then click Security->Administrator Password Setting.      Click ok. You can then click on System Settings: Enter the site code under device location, (ie MDBET, NYNYP ect) then enter  “Xeroxwc” as the administrator name and Xeroxwc@berkadia.com as the email  address. Click ok. You can then click on Network->E-mail Setting->E-mail TX (SMTP) Clone these settings:      Click ok, request user send a test scan to their email.      Ambler  Inventory Friday, August 25, 2017 3:12 PM S/N Name Model User Assigned To Date Sent Tech that Shipped CNU1500JX5 #16 #33 CNU13701H4 PAAMBTRAINL05 8460p 8460P 8460p Austin TX/Bob M 5/17/ Doug 4/15/2016 CNU251CL9J PAAMBLOANER31L 9470m Lee Ann Whalen    7/30/2018 Dante Jackson CNU414B0CT PAAMBLOANER30L 9470m STORAGE ROOM - PARTS DECOM Bob M CNU251CYXQ PAAMBLOANER29L 9470m Chris Arruda (per FR) 3/29/2016 CNU1380YN0 PAAMBTRAINL04 CNU1380Z8G PAAMBTRAINL03 8460p 8460p CNU4369392 PAAMBLOANER28L 9470m Ambler Build Room CNU42894WH PAAMBLOANER27L 9470m Ashley Gilpert/PHL Intern 8/22/2017 ML CNU205163N PAAMBTRAINL02 8460p CNU403CC6S PAAMBLOANER26L 9470m Keith Craley Testing - Win10 5/3/2016 CNU20611J5 PAAMBLOANERL10 8460P Doug 4/15/2016 CNU20611JK PAAMBLOANER23L 8460P CNU23208V6 PAAMBTRAINL01 8460P Build Room Build Room CNU1380ZGR PAAMBLOANERL11 8460P Doug 4/15/2016 PAAMBLAPTEST 8460p CNU339B01M PAAMBLOANER22L 9470m CRECORP TESTING 11/16/2016 CNU347D50R PAAMBLOANER25L 9470m Build Room CNU1380YND PAAMBLOANER24L 8460p RETIRED/RECYCLED CNU205162J PAAMBLOANER18L 8460p CNU32097BZ PAAMBLOANER34L 9470m Build Room CNU205166M PAAMBLOANER35L 8460p CNU1380Z8T PAAMBLOANER36L 8460p CNU414B0FH PAAMBLOANER37L 9470m CNU411BZ8H PAAMBLOANER38L 9470m Build Room 3/26/2018 CNU320975G PAAMBLOANER39L 9470m AG CNU1500JZ5 PAAMBLOANER40L 8460p Build Room CNU3209737 PAAMBLOANER41L 9470m CRECORP TESTING 11/17/2016 5CH5043JXL PAAMBLOANER42L 9480m 5CG5050M5X PAAMBLOANER43L 650 5CG51806D3 PAAMBLOANER44L 9480m Build Room Build Room CNU4319F33 PAAMBLOANER45L 9470m Danielle D'Andrea/Fry 6/19/2017 Greg Bartle PAAMBLOANER46L 8460p CNU351DHJP PAAMBLOANER46L 9470m 5CG5043J1G PAAMBLOANER48L 9480m CNU305BH1K PAAMBLOANER49L 9470m CNU339B024 PAAMBLOANER50L 9470m 5CG4410FTD PAAMBLOANER51L 9480m CNU348D8LM PAAMBLOANER52L 9470m Build Room Build Room 6/20/18 CNU415BS5T PAAMBLOANER53L 9470m 5CG5043J16 PAAMBLOANER54L 9480m Build Room Build Room 1/30/18 5CG5130HQ7 PAAMBLOANER55L 9480m CNU414B0DZ PAAMBLOANER56L 9470m Dallas 8/24/2017 5CG5363XXW PAAMBLOANER57L 9480m 5CG4410FTD PAAMBLOANER58L 9480m 5CG5260HS1 PAAMBLOANER59L 9480m 5CG5363Y98 PAAMBLOANER60L 9480m 5CG5363Y09 PAAMBLOANER61L 9480m 5CG51806D9 PAAMBLOANER62L 9480m 5CG8041R52 PAAMBHPW10LOAN2 840g3 5CG8041R7J PAAMBHPW10LOAN1 840g3 Build Room Build Room Build Room Build Room Build Room Build Room DO NOT USE DO NOT USE 7/31/18 7/2/18 7/18/18 6/6/2018 6/26/18 8/13/18 ML PAAMBLOANER38L 9470m Andy Hill PAAMBHDMB MB Maureen Crumlish PAAMBHPW10LOAN3 840g3 PAAMBHPW10LOAN4 840g3 DO NOT USE Jashon Cade 3/29/2018 3/29/2018 5/16/18 Scott Elnetzke ML Bill Bill ML ML      PAAMBHPW10LOAN4 840g3 PAAMBLOANER61L 9480    W10 5CG6204HVD PAAMBLOANER63L 9480m 5CG51806FZ PAAMBLOANER64L 9480m 5CG4410FSY PAAMBLOANER65L 9480m PAAMBLOANER66L 9480m PAAMBLOANER67L 9480m Jashon Cade Build Room Build Room Build Room Build Room Build Room Build Room ML 5/16/18 7/20/18 6/8/18 7/11/18 7/6/2018 8/14/2018 6/5/18 Brett Ambrogi - Philly Intern PAAMBLOANER72L 9480m Kim Cozza - Chicago 7/24/2018 Tim    ","[49, 5, 72, 779]","[1123, 1127]","Scan To Email / Password Change Scan To Email / Password Change Scan To Email / Password Change Scan To Email / Password Change Scan To Email / Password Change Scan To Email / Password Change Scan To Email / Password Change Scan To Email / Password Change Scan To Email / Password Change Scan To Email / Password Change   Friday, July 08, 2016 11:59 AM Configuring Scan to Email on a Konica Minolta Printer Using the Atlanta unit as an example: http://192.168.73.18/wcd/system_device.xml You would enter the IP of the printer in your browser, and then click on the “to login  screen” button in the upper right hand corner. At this point the standard Berkadia password should have been changed to  “B3rk@d1a” without quotes. In other cases the default Konica Password may be  “12345678” or “1234567812345678” every effort should be made to keep these  login passwords consistent across the board. To change this password you would  login as an administrator and then click Security->Administrator Password Setting.      Click ok. You can then click on System Settings: Enter the site code under device location, (ie MDBET, NYNYP ect) then enter  “Xeroxwc” as the administrator name and Xeroxwc@berkadia.com as the email  address. Click ok. You can then click on Network->E-mail Setting->E-mail TX (SMTP) Clone these settings:      Click ok, request user send a test scan to their email.      Ambler  Inventory Friday, August 25, 2017 3:12 PM S/N Name Model User Assigned To Date Sent Tech that Shipped CNU1500JX5 #16 #33 CNU13701H4 PAAMBTRAINL05 8460p 8460P 8460p Austin TX/Bob M 5/17/ Doug 4/15/2016 CNU251CL9J PAAMBLOANER31L 9470m Lee Ann Whalen    7/30/2018 Dante Jackson CNU414B0CT PAAMBLOANER30L 9470m STORAGE ROOM - PARTS DECOM Bob M CNU251CYXQ PAAMBLOANER29L 9470m Chris Arruda (per FR) 3/29/2016 CNU1380YN0 PAAMBTRAINL04 CNU1380Z8G PAAMBTRAINL03 8460p 8460p CNU4369392 PAAMBLOANER28L 9470m Ambler Build Room CNU42894WH PAAMBLOANER27L 9470m Ashley Gilpert/PHL Intern 8/22/2017 ML CNU205163N PAAMBTRAINL02 8460p CNU403CC6S PAAMBLOANER26L 9470m Keith Craley Testing - Win10 5/3/2016 CNU20611J5 PAAMBLOANERL10 8460P Doug 4/15/2016 CNU20611JK PAAMBLOANER23L 8460P CNU23208V6 PAAMBTRAINL01 8460P Build Room Build Room CNU1380ZGR PAAMBLOANERL11 8460P Doug 4/15/2016 PAAMBLAPTEST 8460p CNU339B01M PAAMBLOANER22L 9470m CRECORP TESTING 11/16/2016 CNU347D50R PAAMBLOANER25L 9470m Build Room CNU1380YND PAAMBLOANER24L 8460p RETIRED/RECYCLED CNU205162J PAAMBLOANER18L 8460p CNU32097BZ PAAMBLOANER34L 9470m Build Room CNU205166M PAAMBLOANER35L 8460p CNU1380Z8T PAAMBLOANER36L 8460p CNU414B0FH PAAMBLOANER37L 9470m CNU411BZ8H PAAMBLOANER38L 9470m Build Room 3/26/2018 CNU320975G PAAMBLOANER39L 9470m AG CNU1500JZ5 PAAMBLOANER40L 8460p Build Room CNU3209737 PAAMBLOANER41L 9470m CRECORP TESTING 11/17/2016 5CH5043JXL PAAMBLOANER42L 9480m 5CG5050M5X PAAMBLOANER43L 650 5CG51806D3 PAAMBLOANER44L 9480m Build Room Build Room CNU4319F33 PAAMBLOANER45L 9470m Danielle D'Andrea/Fry 6/19/2017 Greg Bartle PAAMBLOANER46L 8460p CNU351DHJP PAAMBLOANER46L 9470m 5CG5043J1G PAAMBLOANER48L 9480m CNU305BH1K PAAMBLOANER49L 9470m CNU339B024 PAAMBLOANER50L 9470m 5CG4410FTD PAAMBLOANER51L 9480m CNU348D8LM PAAMBLOANER52L 9470m Build Room Build Room 6/20/18 CNU415BS5T PAAMBLOANER53L 9470m 5CG5043J16 PAAMBLOANER54L 9480m Build Room Build Room 1/30/18 5CG5130HQ7 PAAMBLOANER55L 9480m CNU414B0DZ PAAMBLOANER56L 9470m Dallas 8/24/2017 5CG5363XXW PAAMBLOANER57L 9480m 5CG4410FTD PAAMBLOANER58L 9480m 5CG5260HS1 PAAMBLOANER59L 9480m 5CG5363Y98 PAAMBLOANER60L 9480m 5CG5363Y09 PAAMBLOANER61L 9480m 5CG51806D9 PAAMBLOANER62L 9480m 5CG8041R52 PAAMBHPW10LOAN2 840g3 5CG8041R7J PAAMBHPW10LOAN1 840g3 Build Room Build Room Build Room Build Room Build Room Build Room DO NOT USE DO NOT USE 7/31/18 7/2/18 7/18/18 6/6/2018 6/26/18 8/13/18 ML PAAMBLOANER38L 9470m Andy Hill PAAMBHDMB MB Maureen Crumlish PAAMBHPW10LOAN3 840g3 PAAMBHPW10LOAN4 840g3 DO NOT USE Jashon Cade 3/29/2018 3/29/2018 5/16/18 Scott Elnetzke ML Bill Bill ML ML      PAAMBHPW10LOAN4 840g3 PAAMBLOANER61L 9480    W10 5CG6204HVD PAAMBLOANER63L 9480m 5CG51806FZ PAAMBLOANER64L 9480m 5CG4410FSY PAAMBLOANER65L 9480m PAAMBLOANER66L 9480m PAAMBLOANER67L 9480m Jashon Cade Build Room Build Room Build Room Build Room Build Room Build Room ML 5/16/18 7/20/18 6/8/18 7/11/18 7/6/2018 8/14/2018 6/5/18 Brett Ambrogi - Philly Intern PAAMBLOANER72L 9480m Kim Cozza - Chicago 7/24/2018 Tim    ","scan email / password change scan email / password change scan email / password change scan email / password change scan email / password change scan email / password change scan email / password change scan email / password change scan email / password change scan email / password change friday, july 08, 2016 11:59 configure scan email konica minolta printer use atlanta unit example: http://192.168.73.18/wcd/system_device.xml would enter ip printer browser, click “to login screen” button upper right hand corner. point standard berkadia password change “b3rk@d1a” without quotes. case default konica password may “12345678” “1234567812345678” every effort make keep login passwords consistent across board. change password would login administrator click security->administrator password setting. click ok. click system settings: enter site code device location, (ie mdbet, nynyp ect) enter “xeroxwc” administrator name xeroxwc@berkadia.com email address. click ok. click network->e-mail setting->e-mail tx (smtp) clone settings: click ok, request user send test scan email. ambler inventory friday, august 25, 2017 3:12 pm s/n name model user assign date send tech ship cnu1500jx5 #16 #33 cnu13701h4 paambtrainl05 8460p 8460p 8460p austin tx/bob 5/17/ doug 4/15/2016 cnu251cl9j paambloaner31l 9470m lee ann whalen 7/30/2018 dante jackson cnu414b0ct paambloaner30l 9470m storage room - part decom bob cnu251cyxq paambloaner29l 9470m chris arruda (per fr) 3/29/2016 cnu1380yn0 paambtrainl04 cnu1380z8g paambtrainl03 8460p 8460p cnu4369392 paambloaner28l 9470m ambler build room cnu42894wh paambloaner27l 9470m ashley gilpert/phl intern 8/22/2017 ml cnu205163n paambtrainl02 8460p cnu403cc6s paambloaner26l 9470m keith craley test - win10 5/3/2016 cnu20611j5 paambloanerl10 8460p doug 4/15/2016 cnu20611jk paambloaner23l 8460p cnu23208v6 paambtrainl01 8460p build room build room cnu1380zgr paambloanerl11 8460p doug 4/15/2016 paamblaptest 8460p cnu339b01m paambloaner22l 9470m crecorp test 11/16/2016 cnu347d50r paambloaner25l 9470m build room cnu1380ynd paambloaner24l 8460p retired/recycled cnu205162j paambloaner18l 8460p cnu32097bz paambloaner34l 9470m build room cnu205166m paambloaner35l 8460p cnu1380z8t paambloaner36l 8460p cnu414b0fh paambloaner37l 9470m cnu411bz8h paambloaner38l 9470m build room 3/26/2018 cnu320975g paambloaner39l 9470m ag cnu1500jz5 paambloaner40l 8460p build room cnu3209737 paambloaner41l 9470m crecorp test 11/17/2016 5ch5043jxl paambloaner42l 9480m 5cg5050m5x paambloaner43l 650 5cg51806d3 paambloaner44l 9480m build room build room cnu4319f33 paambloaner45l 9470m danielle d'andrea/fry 6/19/2017 greg bartle paambloaner46l 8460p cnu351dhjp paambloaner46l 9470m 5cg5043j1g paambloaner48l 9480m cnu305bh1k paambloaner49l 9470m cnu339b024 paambloaner50l 9470m 5cg4410ftd paambloaner51l 9480m cnu348d8lm paambloaner52l 9470m build room build room 6/20/18 cnu415bs5t paambloaner53l 9470m 5cg5043j16 paambloaner54l 9480m build room build room 1/30/18 5cg5130hq7 paambloaner55l 9480m cnu414b0dz paambloaner56l 9470m dallas 8/24/2017 5cg5363xxw paambloaner57l 9480m 5cg4410ftd paambloaner58l 9480m 5cg5260hs1 paambloaner59l 9480m 5cg5363y98 paambloaner60l 9480m 5cg5363y09 paambloaner61l 9480m 5cg51806d9 paambloaner62l 9480m 5cg8041r52 paambhpw10loan2 840g3 5cg8041r7j paambhpw10loan1 840g3 build room build room build room build room build room build room use use 7/31/18 7/2/18 7/18/18 6/6/2018 6/26/18 8/13/18 ml paambloaner38l 9470m andy hill paambhdmb mb maureen crumlish paambhpw10loan3 840g3 paambhpw10loan4 840g3 use jashon cade 3/29/2018 3/29/2018 5/16/18 scott elnetzke ml bill bill ml ml paambhpw10loan4 840g3 paambloaner61l 9480 w10 5cg6204hvd paambloaner63l 9480m 5cg51806fz paambloaner64l 9480m 5cg4410fsy paambloaner65l 9480m paambloaner66l 9480m paambloaner67l 9480m jashon cade build room build room build room build room build room build room ml 5/16/18 7/20/18 6/8/18 7/11/18 7/6/2018 8/14/2018 6/5/18 brett ambrogi - philly intern paambloaner72l 9480m kim cozza - chicago 7/24/2018 tim","Scan To Email / Password Change Scan To Email / Password Change   Friday, July 08, 2016 11:59 AM Configuring Scan to Email on a Konica Minolta Printer Using the Atlanta unit as an example: http://192.168.73.18/wcd/system_device.xml You would enter the IP of the printer in your browser, and then click on the “to login  screen” button in the upper right hand corner. At this point the standard Berkadia password should have been changed to  “B3rk@d1a” without quotes. In other cases the default Konica Password may be  “12345678” or “1234567812345678” every effort should be made to keep these  login passwords consistent across the board. To change this password you would  login as an administrator and then click Security->Administrator Password Setting.      Click ok. You can then click on System Settings: Enter the site code under device location, (ie MDBET, NYNYP ect) then enter  “Xeroxwc” as the administrator name and Xeroxwc@berkadia.com as the email  address. Click ok. You can then click on Network->E-mail Setting->E-mail TX (SMTP) Clone these settings:      Click ok, request user send a test scan to their email.      Ambler  Inventory Friday, August 25, 2017 3:12 PM S/N Name Model User Assigned To Date Sent Tech that Shipped CNU1500JX5 #16 #33 CNU13701H4 PAAMBTRAINL05 8460p 8460P 8460p Austin TX/Bob M 5/17/ Doug 4/15/2016 CNU251CL9J PAAMBLOANER31L 9470m Lee Ann Whalen    7/30/2018 Dante Jackson CNU414B0CT PAAMBLOANER30L 9470m STORAGE ROOM - PARTS DECOM Bob M CNU251CYXQ PAAMBLOANER29L 9470m Chris Arruda (per FR) 3/29/2016 CNU1380YN0 PAAMBTRAINL04 CNU1380Z8G PAAMBTRAINL03 8460p 8460p CNU4369392 PAAMBLOANER28L 9470m Ambler Build Room CNU42894WH PAAMBLOANER27L 9470m Ashley Gilpert/PHL Intern 8/22/2017 ML CNU205163N PAAMBTRAINL02 8460p CNU403CC6S PAAMBLOANER26L 9470m Keith Craley Testing - Win10 5/3/2016 CNU20611J5 PAAMBLOANERL10 8460P Doug 4/15/2016 CNU20611JK PAAMBLOANER23L 8460P CNU23208V6 PAAMBTRAINL01 8460P Build Room Build Room CNU1380ZGR PAAMBLOANERL11 8460P Doug 4/15/2016 PAAMBLAPTEST 8460p CNU339B01M PAAMBLOANER22L 9470m CRECORP TESTING 11/16/2016 CNU347D50R PAAMBLOANER25L 9470m Build Room CNU1380YND PAAMBLOANER24L 8460p RETIRED/RECYCLED CNU205162J PAAMBLOANER18L 8460p CNU32097BZ PAAMBLOANER34L 9470m Build Room CNU205166M PAAMBLOANER35L 8460p CNU1380Z8T PAAMBLOANER36L 8460p CNU414B0FH PAAMBLOANER37L 9470m CNU411BZ8H PAAMBLOANER38L 9470m Build Room 3/26/2018 CNU320975G PAAMBLOANER39L 9470m AG CNU1500JZ5 PAAMBLOANER40L 8460p Build Room CNU3209737 PAAMBLOANER41L 9470m CRECORP TESTING 11/17/2016 5CH5043JXL PAAMBLOANER42L 9480m 5CG5050M5X PAAMBLOANER43L 650 5CG51806D3 PAAMBLOANER44L 9480m Build Room Build Room CNU4319F33 PAAMBLOANER45L 9470m Danielle D'Andrea/Fry 6/19/2017 Greg Bartle PAAMBLOANER46L 8460p CNU351DHJP PAAMBLOANER46L 9470m 5CG5043J1G PAAMBLOANER48L 9480m CNU305BH1K PAAMBLOANER49L 9470m CNU339B024 PAAMBLOANER50L 9470m 5CG4410FTD PAAMBLOANER51L 9480m CNU348D8LM PAAMBLOANER52L 9470m Build Room Build Room 6/20/18 CNU415BS5T PAAMBLOANER53L 9470m 5CG5043J16 PAAMBLOANER54L 9480m Build Room Build Room 1/30/18 5CG5130HQ7 PAAMBLOANER55L 9480m CNU414B0DZ PAAMBLOANER56L 9470m Dallas 8/24/2017 5CG5363XXW PAAMBLOANER57L 9480m 5CG4410FTD PAAMBLOANER58L 9480m 5CG5260HS1 PAAMBLOANER59L 9480m 5CG5363Y98 PAAMBLOANER60L 9480m 5CG5363Y09 PAAMBLOANER61L 9480m 5CG51806D9 PAAMBLOANER62L 9480m 5CG8041R52 PAAMBHPW10LOAN2 840g3 5CG8041R7J PAAMBHPW10LOAN1 840g3 Build Room Build Room Build Room Build Room Build Room Build Room DO NOT USE DO NOT USE 7/31/18 7/2/18 7/18/18 6/6/2018 6/26/18 8/13/18 ML PAAMBLOANER38L 9470m Andy Hill PAAMBHDMB MB Maureen Crumlish PAAMBHPW10LOAN3 840g3 PAAMBHPW10LOAN4 840g3 DO NOT USE Jashon Cade 3/29/2018 3/29/2018 5/16/18 Scott Elnetzke ML Bill Bill ML ML      PAAMBHPW10LOAN4 840g3 PAAMBLOANER61L 9480    W10 5CG6204HVD PAAMBLOANER63L 9480m 5CG51806FZ PAAMBLOANER64L 9480m 5CG4410FSY PAAMBLOANER65L 9480m PAAMBLOANER66L 9480m PAAMBLOANER67L 9480m Jashon Cade Build Room Build Room Build Room Build Room Build Room Build Room ML 5/16/18 7/20/18 6/8/18 7/11/18 7/6/2018 8/14/2018 6/5/18 Brett Ambrogi - Philly Intern PAAMBLOANER72L 9480m Kim Cozza - Chicago 7/24/2018 Tim    ","scan email / password change scan email / password change friday, july 08, 2016 11:59 configure scan email konica minolta printer use atlanta unit example: http://192.168.73.18/wcd/system_device.xml would enter ip printer browser, click “to login screen” button upper right hand corner. point standard berkadia password change “b3rk@d1a” without quotes. case default konica password may “12345678” “1234567812345678” every effort make keep login passwords consistent across board. change password would login administrator click security->administrator password setting. click ok. click system settings: enter site code device location, (ie mdbet, nynyp ect) enter “xeroxwc” administrator name xeroxwc@berkadia.com email address. click ok. click network->e-mail setting->e-mail tx (smtp) clone settings: click ok, request user send test scan email. ambler inventory friday, august 25, 2017 3:12 pm s/n name model user assign date send tech ship cnu1500jx5 #16 #33 cnu13701h4 paambtrainl05 8460p 8460p 8460p austin tx/bob 5/17/ doug 4/15/2016 cnu251cl9j paambloaner31l 9470m lee ann whalen 7/30/2018 dante jackson cnu414b0ct paambloaner30l 9470m storage room - part decom bob cnu251cyxq paambloaner29l 9470m chris arruda (per fr) 3/29/2016 cnu1380yn0 paambtrainl04 cnu1380z8g paambtrainl03 8460p 8460p cnu4369392 paambloaner28l 9470m ambler build room cnu42894wh paambloaner27l 9470m ashley gilpert/phl intern 8/22/2017 ml cnu205163n paambtrainl02 8460p cnu403cc6s paambloaner26l 9470m keith craley test - win10 5/3/2016 cnu20611j5 paambloanerl10 8460p doug 4/15/2016 cnu20611jk paambloaner23l 8460p cnu23208v6 paambtrainl01 8460p build room build room cnu1380zgr paambloanerl11 8460p doug 4/15/2016 paamblaptest 8460p cnu339b01m paambloaner22l 9470m crecorp test 11/16/2016 cnu347d50r paambloaner25l 9470m build room cnu1380ynd paambloaner24l 8460p retired/recycled cnu205162j paambloaner18l 8460p cnu32097bz paambloaner34l 9470m build room cnu205166m paambloaner35l 8460p cnu1380z8t paambloaner36l 8460p cnu414b0fh paambloaner37l 9470m cnu411bz8h paambloaner38l 9470m build room 3/26/2018 cnu320975g paambloaner39l 9470m ag cnu1500jz5 paambloaner40l 8460p build room cnu3209737 paambloaner41l 9470m crecorp test 11/17/2016 5ch5043jxl paambloaner42l 9480m 5cg5050m5x paambloaner43l 650 5cg51806d3 paambloaner44l 9480m build room build room cnu4319f33 paambloaner45l 9470m danielle d'andrea/fry 6/19/2017 greg bartle paambloaner46l 8460p cnu351dhjp paambloaner46l 9470m 5cg5043j1g paambloaner48l 9480m cnu305bh1k paambloaner49l 9470m cnu339b024 paambloaner50l 9470m 5cg4410ftd paambloaner51l 9480m cnu348d8lm paambloaner52l 9470m build room build room 6/20/18 cnu415bs5t paambloaner53l 9470m 5cg5043j16 paambloaner54l 9480m build room build room 1/30/18 5cg5130hq7 paambloaner55l 9480m cnu414b0dz paambloaner56l 9470m dallas 8/24/2017 5cg5363xxw paambloaner57l 9480m 5cg4410ftd paambloaner58l 9480m 5cg5260hs1 paambloaner59l 9480m 5cg5363y98 paambloaner60l 9480m 5cg5363y09 paambloaner61l 9480m 5cg51806d9 paambloaner62l 9480m 5cg8041r52 paambhpw10loan2 840g3 5cg8041r7j paambhpw10loan1 840g3 build room build room build room build room build room build room use use 7/31/18 7/2/18 7/18/18 6/6/2018 6/26/18 8/13/18 ml paambloaner38l 9470m andy hill paambhdmb mb maureen crumlish paambhpw10loan3 840g3 paambhpw10loan4 840g3 use jashon cade 3/29/2018 3/29/2018 5/16/18 scott elnetzke ml bill bill ml ml paambhpw10loan4 840g3 paambloaner61l 9480 w10 5cg6204hvd paambloaner63l 9480m 5cg51806fz paambloaner64l 9480m 5cg4410fsy paambloaner65l 9480m paambloaner66l 9480m paambloaner67l 9480m jashon cade build room build room build room build room build room build room ml 5/16/18 7/20/18 6/8/18 7/11/18 7/6/2018 8/14/2018 6/5/18 brett ambrogi - philly intern paambloaner72l 9480m kim cozza - chicago 7/24/2018 tim"
381,Secure Mail (Ciphermail)," Tuesday, March 15, 2016 9:22 PM Resetiing Secure Mail Passwords Audience and Prerequisites You need to be a member of Ciphermail User Managers, Ciphermail Portal Managers, and  Ciphermail Login groups to complete this process. Password reset procedure Log in to the management portal at https://securemail.berkadia.com/djigzo/login using your - ADM account (formatted as your-adm@berkadia.com). On the Users tab, find the user you want to modify and click the user's email address. Note: you can click the triangle next to Email Filter to search for users Click Portal      Enter a new password, and click Apply Using Berkadia’s secure email web portal  (From a user's perspective) Berkadia uses encryption software to protect sensitive customer information sent via email.  If you  have received an encrypted email, you can follow these steps to view the email and acconnollny  attachments. You should have received an email similar to the message below.  To retrieve the password, click the  link in the email.      The first time you use the system you will be asked to create a password.  Please choose a strong  password that you will remember.       If you have used the system before, you will be prompted to log in. Once you have logged in, click Generate Password to access the document password.      When you click the Generate Password button, a box containing the password will appear.  Press  Ctrl-C to copy the password. Now, open the PDF file that attached to the email.  When you are prompted for a password, press  Ctrl-V to paste the password, and then press OK. You can now read the message, and view or save any attachments.      To save an attachment, right-click on the document in the Attachments pane, and click Save  Attachment… Note that once you save an attachment, it will no longer be encrypted or require a password.    ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[797, 802]","Secure Mail (Ciphermail) Secure Mail (Ciphermail) Secure Mail (Ciphermail) Secure Mail (Ciphermail) Secure Mail (Ciphermail) Secure Mail (Ciphermail) Secure Mail (Ciphermail) Secure Mail (Ciphermail) Secure Mail (Ciphermail) Secure Mail (Ciphermail)   Tuesday, March 15, 2016 9:22 PM Resetiing Secure Mail Passwords Audience and Prerequisites You need to be a member of Ciphermail User Managers, Ciphermail Portal Managers, and  Ciphermail Login groups to complete this process. Password reset procedure Log in to the management portal at https://securemail.berkadia.com/djigzo/login using your - ADM account (formatted as your-adm@berkadia.com). On the Users tab, find the user you want to modify and click the user's email address. Note: you can click the triangle next to Email Filter to search for users Click Portal      Enter a new password, and click Apply Using Berkadia’s secure email web portal  (From a user's perspective) Berkadia uses encryption software to protect sensitive customer information sent via email.  If you  have received an encrypted email, you can follow these steps to view the email and acconnollny  attachments. You should have received an email similar to the message below.  To retrieve the password, click the  link in the email.      The first time you use the system you will be asked to create a password.  Please choose a strong  password that you will remember.       If you have used the system before, you will be prompted to log in. Once you have logged in, click Generate Password to access the document password.      When you click the Generate Password button, a box containing the password will appear.  Press  Ctrl-C to copy the password. Now, open the PDF file that attached to the email.  When you are prompted for a password, press  Ctrl-V to paste the password, and then press OK. You can now read the message, and view or save any attachments.      To save an attachment, right-click on the document in the Attachments pane, and click Save  Attachment… Note that once you save an attachment, it will no longer be encrypted or require a password.    ","secure mail (ciphermail) secure mail (ciphermail) secure mail (ciphermail) secure mail (ciphermail) secure mail (ciphermail) secure mail (ciphermail) secure mail (ciphermail) secure mail (ciphermail) secure mail (ciphermail) secure mail (ciphermail) tuesday, march 15, 2016 9:22 pm resetiing secure mail passwords audience prerequisites need member ciphermail user managers, ciphermail portal managers, ciphermail login group complete process. password reset procedure log management portal https://securemail.berkadia.com/djigzo/login use - adm account (formatted your-adm@berkadia.com). users tab, find user want modify click user's email address. note: click triangle next email filter search users click portal enter new password, click apply use berkadia’s secure email web portal (from user's perspective) berkadia use encryption software protect sensitive customer information send via email. receive encrypt email, follow step view email acconnollny attachments. receive email similar message below. retrieve password, click link email. first time use system ask create password. please choose strong password remember. use system before, prompt log in. log in, click generate password access document password. click generate password button, box contain password appear. press ctrl-c copy password. now, open pdf file attach email. prompt password, press ctrl-v paste password, press ok. read message, view save attachments. save attachment, right-click document attachments pane, click save attachment… note save attachment, longer encrypt require password.","Secure Mail (Ciphermail) Secure Mail (Ciphermail)   Tuesday, March 15, 2016 9:22 PM Resetiing Secure Mail Passwords Audience and Prerequisites You need to be a member of Ciphermail User Managers, Ciphermail Portal Managers, and  Ciphermail Login groups to complete this process. Password reset procedure Log in to the management portal at https://securemail.berkadia.com/djigzo/login using your - ADM account (formatted as your-adm@berkadia.com). On the Users tab, find the user you want to modify and click the user's email address. Note: you can click the triangle next to Email Filter to search for users Click Portal      Enter a new password, and click Apply Using Berkadia’s secure email web portal  (From a user's perspective) Berkadia uses encryption software to protect sensitive customer information sent via email.  If you  have received an encrypted email, you can follow these steps to view the email and acconnollny  attachments. You should have received an email similar to the message below.  To retrieve the password, click the  link in the email.      The first time you use the system you will be asked to create a password.  Please choose a strong  password that you will remember.       If you have used the system before, you will be prompted to log in. Once you have logged in, click Generate Password to access the document password.      When you click the Generate Password button, a box containing the password will appear.  Press  Ctrl-C to copy the password. Now, open the PDF file that attached to the email.  When you are prompted for a password, press  Ctrl-V to paste the password, and then press OK. You can now read the message, and view or save any attachments.      To save an attachment, right-click on the document in the Attachments pane, and click Save  Attachment… Note that once you save an attachment, it will no longer be encrypted or require a password.    ","secure mail (ciphermail) secure mail (ciphermail) tuesday, march 15, 2016 9:22 pm resetiing secure mail passwords audience prerequisites need member ciphermail user managers, ciphermail portal managers, ciphermail login group complete process. password reset procedure log management portal https://securemail.berkadia.com/djigzo/login use - adm account (formatted your-adm@berkadia.com). users tab, find user want modify click user's email address. note: click triangle next email filter search users click portal enter new password, click apply use berkadia’s secure email web portal (from user's perspective) berkadia use encryption software protect sensitive customer information send via email. receive encrypt email, follow step view email acconnollny attachments. receive email similar message below. retrieve password, click link email. first time use system ask create password. please choose strong password remember. use system before, prompt log in. log in, click generate password access document password. click generate password button, box contain password appear. press ctrl-c copy password. now, open pdf file attach email. prompt password, press ctrl-v paste password, press ok. read message, view save attachments. save attachment, right-click document attachments pane, click save attachment… note save attachment, longer encrypt require password."
382,Security for Doors," Monday, December 19, 2016 4:22 PM http://192.168.85.7/INDEX.HTM Username - master Password - master    ","[72, 0, 189, 775]",[1012],"Security for Doors Security for Doors Security for Doors Security for Doors Security for Doors Security for Doors Security for Doors Security for Doors Security for Doors Security for Doors   Monday, December 19, 2016 4:22 PM http://192.168.85.7/INDEX.HTM Username - master Password - master    ","security doors security doors security doors security doors security doors security doors security doors security doors security doors security doors monday, december 19, 2016 4:22 pm http://192.168.85.7/index.htm username - master password - master","Security for Doors Security for Doors   Monday, December 19, 2016 4:22 PM http://192.168.85.7/INDEX.HTM Username - master Password - master    ","security doors security doors monday, december 19, 2016 4:22 pm http://192.168.85.7/index.htm username - master password - master"
383,Select the Advanced tab to access mailboxes," Be sure that Microsoft Exchange Server is highlighted and click CHANGE Select More Settings      The correct mailbox name will be found and resolved if it is typed and  spelled correctly      Once the mailbox shows up in the list, select APPLY, then ok, next  and FINISH.  You may need to close and re-open outlook for the  mailbox to correctly display.    ","[72, 0, 72, 9]","[315, 317]","Select the Advanced tab to access mailboxes Select the Advanced tab to access mailboxes Select the Advanced tab to access mailboxes Select the Advanced tab to access mailboxes Select the Advanced tab to access mailboxes Select the Advanced tab to access mailboxes Select the Advanced tab to access mailboxes Select the Advanced tab to access mailboxes Select the Advanced tab to access mailboxes Select the Advanced tab to access mailboxes   Be sure that Microsoft Exchange Server is highlighted and click CHANGE Select More Settings      The correct mailbox name will be found and resolved if it is typed and  spelled correctly      Once the mailbox shows up in the list, select APPLY, then ok, next  and FINISH.  You may need to close and re-open outlook for the  mailbox to correctly display.    ","select advance tab access mailboxes select advance tab access mailboxes select advance tab access mailboxes select advance tab access mailboxes select advance tab access mailboxes select advance tab access mailboxes select advance tab access mailboxes select advance tab access mailboxes select advance tab access mailboxes select advance tab access mailboxes sure microsoft exchange server highlight click change select settings correct mailbox name find resolve type spell correctly mailbox show list, select apply, ok, next finish. may need close re-open outlook mailbox correctly display.","Select the Advanced tab to access mailboxes Select the Advanced tab to access mailboxes   Be sure that Microsoft Exchange Server is highlighted and click CHANGE Select More Settings      The correct mailbox name will be found and resolved if it is typed and  spelled correctly      Once the mailbox shows up in the list, select APPLY, then ok, next  and FINISH.  You may need to close and re-open outlook for the  mailbox to correctly display.    ","select advance tab access mailboxes select advance tab access mailboxes sure microsoft exchange server highlight click change select settings correct mailbox name find resolve type spell correctly mailbox show list, select apply, ok, next finish. may need close re-open outlook mailbox correctly display."
384,Select “Add Remote Desktop Gateway”.,    ,"[72, 0, 79, 9]",[151],Select “Add Remote Desktop Gateway”. Select “Add Remote Desktop Gateway”. Select “Add Remote Desktop Gateway”. Select “Add Remote Desktop Gateway”. Select “Add Remote Desktop Gateway”. Select “Add Remote Desktop Gateway”. Select “Add Remote Desktop Gateway”. Select “Add Remote Desktop Gateway”. Select “Add Remote Desktop Gateway”. Select “Add Remote Desktop Gateway”.      ,select “add remote desktop gateway”. select “add remote desktop gateway”. select “add remote desktop gateway”. select “add remote desktop gateway”. select “add remote desktop gateway”. select “add remote desktop gateway”. select “add remote desktop gateway”. select “add remote desktop gateway”. select “add remote desktop gateway”. select “add remote desktop gateway”.,Select “Add Remote Desktop Gateway”. Select “Add Remote Desktop Gateway”.      ,select “add remote desktop gateway”. select “add remote desktop gateway”.
385,Select “Add User Account”.,    ,"[72, 0, 79, 9]",[153],Select “Add User Account”. Select “Add User Account”. Select “Add User Account”. Select “Add User Account”. Select “Add User Account”. Select “Add User Account”. Select “Add User Account”. Select “Add User Account”. Select “Add User Account”. Select “Add User Account”.      ,select “add user account”. select “add user account”. select “add user account”. select “add user account”. select “add user account”. select “add user account”. select “add user account”. select “add user account”. select “add user account”. select “add user account”.,Select “Add User Account”. Select “Add User Account”.      ,select “add user account”. select “add user account”.
386,Select “PC Name”.,    ,"[72, 0, 79, 9]",[155],Select “PC Name”. Select “PC Name”. Select “PC Name”. Select “PC Name”. Select “PC Name”. Select “PC Name”. Select “PC Name”. Select “PC Name”. Select “PC Name”. Select “PC Name”.      ,select “pc name”. select “pc name”. select “pc name”. select “pc name”. select “pc name”. select “pc name”. select “pc name”. select “pc name”. select “pc name”. select “pc name”.,Select “PC Name”. Select “PC Name”.      ,select “pc name”. select “pc name”.
387,Send/Receive," Monday, December 10, 2012 2:15 PM HOW TO SEND/RECEIVE WITH OUTLOOK AUTOMATICALLY 1. Open Microsoft Outlook up. I use the XP or 2002 version, but this  should work for older and later versions.  2. TOOLS | OPTION | MAIL SETUP 3. Under the section ""Send/Receive"" there will be a button  labeled...""Send/Receive."" Click it.  4. Make sure you have the ""All Accounts"" selection in the upper box  selected. Then go to the check boxes beneath the white selection box and  click the checks to ""Include this group in Send/Receive (F9)"" and  ""Schedule an automatic send/receive every ___ minutes."" In the blank  tell the program how many minutes you want between automatic  Send/Receives.  The settings under ""When Outlook is Online"" would set how often you  want it to send/receive when outlook is open. The other selection, ""When  Outlook is Offline"" is when it is not on.     ","[72, 0, 488, 779]",[323],"Send/Receive Send/Receive Send/Receive Send/Receive Send/Receive Send/Receive Send/Receive Send/Receive Send/Receive Send/Receive   Monday, December 10, 2012 2:15 PM HOW TO SEND/RECEIVE WITH OUTLOOK AUTOMATICALLY 1. Open Microsoft Outlook up. I use the XP or 2002 version, but this  should work for older and later versions.  2. TOOLS | OPTION | MAIL SETUP 3. Under the section ""Send/Receive"" there will be a button  labeled...""Send/Receive."" Click it.  4. Make sure you have the ""All Accounts"" selection in the upper box  selected. Then go to the check boxes beneath the white selection box and  click the checks to ""Include this group in Send/Receive (F9)"" and  ""Schedule an automatic send/receive every ___ minutes."" In the blank  tell the program how many minutes you want between automatic  Send/Receives.  The settings under ""When Outlook is Online"" would set how often you  want it to send/receive when outlook is open. The other selection, ""When  Outlook is Offline"" is when it is not on.     ","send/receive send/receive send/receive send/receive send/receive send/receive send/receive send/receive send/receive send/receive monday, december 10, 2012 2:15 pm send/receive outlook automatically 1. open microsoft outlook up. use xp 2002 version, work older later versions. 2. tool | option | mail setup 3. section ""send/receive"" button labeled...""send/receive."" click it. 4. make sure ""all accounts"" selection upper box selected. go check box beneath white selection box click check ""include group send/receive (f9)"" ""schedule automatic send/receive every ___ minutes."" blank tell program many minutes want automatic send/receives. settings ""when outlook online"" would set often want send/receive outlook open. selection, ""when outlook offline"" on.","Send/Receive Send/Receive   Monday, December 10, 2012 2:15 PM HOW TO SEND/RECEIVE WITH OUTLOOK AUTOMATICALLY 1. Open Microsoft Outlook up. I use the XP or 2002 version, but this  should work for older and later versions.  2. TOOLS | OPTION | MAIL SETUP 3. Under the section ""Send/Receive"" there will be a button  labeled...""Send/Receive."" Click it.  4. Make sure you have the ""All Accounts"" selection in the upper box  selected. Then go to the check boxes beneath the white selection box and  click the checks to ""Include this group in Send/Receive (F9)"" and  ""Schedule an automatic send/receive every ___ minutes."" In the blank  tell the program how many minutes you want between automatic  Send/Receives.  The settings under ""When Outlook is Online"" would set how often you  want it to send/receive when outlook is open. The other selection, ""When  Outlook is Offline"" is when it is not on.     ","send/receive send/receive monday, december 10, 2012 2:15 pm send/receive outlook automatically 1. open microsoft outlook up. use xp 2002 version, work older later versions. 2. tool | option | mail setup 3. section ""send/receive"" button labeled...""send/receive."" click it. 4. make sure ""all accounts"" selection upper box selected. go check box beneath white selection box click check ""include group send/receive (f9)"" ""schedule automatic send/receive every ___ minutes."" blank tell program many minutes want automatic send/receives. settings ""when outlook online"" would set often want send/receive outlook open. selection, ""when outlook offline"" on."
388,Server Room," Tuesday, February 28, 2017 9:34 AM Server Room is located in the hallway where the work area is. The copiers are in the same area.  Server room is locked and Lisa Howcroft has the key to open the door.                                         Monday, July 02, 2018 7:33 AM The Server/IT room is down the hallway to the left when you enter the suite.      Racks1:      Racks2: Racks3:      Servers (on floor):           Monday, June 27, 2016 12:28 PM Servers from CALOS and CALAX were combined on 6/27/2016 and the new server name is CALOSF2 CALOSF2 houses shared drives, user drives, PSTS, and printers The CALOSF2 and Websense servers are sitting on the bottom of the rack in the server room. The  server that is on the floor is the old CALOSF1 server, and it will be decommissioned and removed  once the server team has finished with it. - 6/27/16 ML                               They have a 10Mb MPLS circuit as their primary WAN and a backup failover connection with Time  Warner cable.                     Monday, December 12, 2016 1:14 PM The server room is in the back corner of the office and is right next to the kitchen. It is the door that  is closest to the microwave. FYI…There are two network jacks at each desk. The odd number ports are patched and the even  ones are not. Because the furniture people pushed the desks against the wall and we cannot access  the jacks in the offices, there are two network cables coming out from behind each desk that are  labeled with the port numbers on them.                                                 ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[888, 1004]","Server Room Server Room Server Room Server Room Server Room Server Room Server Room Server Room Server Room Server Room   Tuesday, February 28, 2017 9:34 AM Server Room is located in the hallway where the work area is. The copiers are in the same area.  Server room is locked and Lisa Howcroft has the key to open the door.                                         Monday, July 02, 2018 7:33 AM The Server/IT room is down the hallway to the left when you enter the suite.      Racks1:      Racks2: Racks3:      Servers (on floor):           Monday, June 27, 2016 12:28 PM Servers from CALOS and CALAX were combined on 6/27/2016 and the new server name is CALOSF2 CALOSF2 houses shared drives, user drives, PSTS, and printers The CALOSF2 and Websense servers are sitting on the bottom of the rack in the server room. The  server that is on the floor is the old CALOSF1 server, and it will be decommissioned and removed  once the server team has finished with it. - 6/27/16 ML                               They have a 10Mb MPLS circuit as their primary WAN and a backup failover connection with Time  Warner cable.                     Monday, December 12, 2016 1:14 PM The server room is in the back corner of the office and is right next to the kitchen. It is the door that  is closest to the microwave. FYI…There are two network jacks at each desk. The odd number ports are patched and the even  ones are not. Because the furniture people pushed the desks against the wall and we cannot access  the jacks in the offices, there are two network cables coming out from behind each desk that are  labeled with the port numbers on them.                                                 ","server room server room server room server room server room server room server room server room server room server room tuesday, february 28, 2017 9:34 server room locate hallway work area is. copiers area. server room lock lisa howcroft key open door. monday, july 02, 2018 7:33 server/it room hallway leave enter suite. racks1: racks2: racks3: servers (on floor): monday, june 27, 2016 12:28 pm servers calos calax combine 6/27/2016 new server name calosf2 calosf2 house share drives, user drives, psts, printers calosf2 websense servers sit bottom rack server room. server floor old calosf1 server, decommission remove server team finish it. - 6/27/16 ml 10mb mpls circuit primary wan backup failover connection time warner cable. monday, december 12, 2016 1:14 pm server room back corner office right next kitchen. door closest microwave. fyi…there two network jack desk. odd number port patch even ones not. furniture people push desks wall cannot access jack offices, two network cable come behind desk label port number them.","Server Room Server Room   Tuesday, February 28, 2017 9:34 AM Server Room is located in the hallway where the work area is. The copiers are in the same area.  Server room is locked and Lisa Howcroft has the key to open the door.                                         Monday, July 02, 2018 7:33 AM The Server/IT room is down the hallway to the left when you enter the suite.      Racks1:      Racks2: Racks3:      Servers (on floor):           Monday, June 27, 2016 12:28 PM Servers from CALOS and CALAX were combined on 6/27/2016 and the new server name is CALOSF2 CALOSF2 houses shared drives, user drives, PSTS, and printers The CALOSF2 and Websense servers are sitting on the bottom of the rack in the server room. The  server that is on the floor is the old CALOSF1 server, and it will be decommissioned and removed  once the server team has finished with it. - 6/27/16 ML                               They have a 10Mb MPLS circuit as their primary WAN and a backup failover connection with Time  Warner cable.                     Monday, December 12, 2016 1:14 PM The server room is in the back corner of the office and is right next to the kitchen. It is the door that  is closest to the microwave. FYI…There are two network jacks at each desk. The odd number ports are patched and the even  ones are not. Because the furniture people pushed the desks against the wall and we cannot access  the jacks in the offices, there are two network cables coming out from behind each desk that are  labeled with the port numbers on them.                                                 ","server room server room tuesday, february 28, 2017 9:34 server room locate hallway work area is. copiers area. server room lock lisa howcroft key open door. monday, july 02, 2018 7:33 server/it room hallway leave enter suite. racks1: racks2: racks3: servers (on floor): monday, june 27, 2016 12:28 pm servers calos calax combine 6/27/2016 new server name calosf2 calosf2 house share drives, user drives, psts, printers calosf2 websense servers sit bottom rack server room. server floor old calosf1 server, decommission remove server team finish it. - 6/27/16 ml 10mb mpls circuit primary wan backup failover connection time warner cable. monday, december 12, 2016 1:14 pm server room back corner office right next kitchen. door closest microwave. fyi…there two network jack desk. odd number port patch even ones not. furniture people push desks wall cannot access jack offices, two network cable come behind desk label port number them."
389,Server Room/Kitchen/Break Room," Thursday, June 30, 2016 12:22 PM The network and server equipment is behind the door of the kitchen/break room. Yeah.                   ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[919, 922]","Server Room/Kitchen/Break Room Server Room/Kitchen/Break Room Server Room/Kitchen/Break Room Server Room/Kitchen/Break Room Server Room/Kitchen/Break Room Server Room/Kitchen/Break Room Server Room/Kitchen/Break Room Server Room/Kitchen/Break Room Server Room/Kitchen/Break Room Server Room/Kitchen/Break Room   Thursday, June 30, 2016 12:22 PM The network and server equipment is behind the door of the kitchen/break room. Yeah.                   ","server room/kitchen/break room server room/kitchen/break room server room/kitchen/break room server room/kitchen/break room server room/kitchen/break room server room/kitchen/break room server room/kitchen/break room server room/kitchen/break room server room/kitchen/break room server room/kitchen/break room thursday, june 30, 2016 12:22 pm network server equipment behind door kitchen/break room. yeah.","Server Room/Kitchen/Break Room Server Room/Kitchen/Break Room   Thursday, June 30, 2016 12:22 PM The network and server equipment is behind the door of the kitchen/break room. Yeah.                   ","server room/kitchen/break room server room/kitchen/break room thursday, june 30, 2016 12:22 pm network server equipment behind door kitchen/break room. yeah."
390,Server room," Monday, July 10, 2017 9:37 AM Server room is currently accessible from the hallway and has no door. Door is being added in Phase II  of the remodel.                                  ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[854, 860]","Server room Server room Server room Server room Server room Server room Server room Server room Server room Server room   Monday, July 10, 2017 9:37 AM Server room is currently accessible from the hallway and has no door. Door is being added in Phase II  of the remodel.                                  ","server room server room server room server room server room server room server room server room server room server room monday, july 10, 2017 9:37 server room currently accessible hallway door. door add phase ii remodel.","Server room Server room   Monday, July 10, 2017 9:37 AM Server room is currently accessible from the hallway and has no door. Door is being added in Phase II  of the remodel.                                  ","server room server room monday, july 10, 2017 9:37 server room currently accessible hallway door. door add phase ii remodel."
391,Servicing Users Note," Friday, February 9, 2018 7:51 AM Servicing users are on O365 now, with the exception of Microsoft Teams and OneDrive. Because of  the difference, they will be in the Office 365 Servicing Users Security Group instead of Office 365 All  Apps.  We can grant standalone licensing for Microsoft Teams if needed. Request permission from either  Mark McCool or Sue Vergaldi first. If granted, add the user to Office 365 Teams Group.     ","[72, 0, 170, 775]",[222],"Servicing Users Note Servicing Users Note Servicing Users Note Servicing Users Note Servicing Users Note Servicing Users Note Servicing Users Note Servicing Users Note Servicing Users Note Servicing Users Note   Friday, February 9, 2018 7:51 AM Servicing users are on O365 now, with the exception of Microsoft Teams and OneDrive. Because of  the difference, they will be in the Office 365 Servicing Users Security Group instead of Office 365 All  Apps.  We can grant standalone licensing for Microsoft Teams if needed. Request permission from either  Mark McCool or Sue Vergaldi first. If granted, add the user to Office 365 Teams Group.     ","service users note service users note service users note service users note service users note service users note service users note service users note service users note service users note friday, february 9, 2018 7:51 service users o365 now, exception microsoft team onedrive. difference, office 365 service users security group instead office 365 apps. grant standalone license microsoft team needed. request permission either mark mccool sue vergaldi first. granted, add user office 365 team group.","Servicing Users Note Servicing Users Note   Friday, February 9, 2018 7:51 AM Servicing users are on O365 now, with the exception of Microsoft Teams and OneDrive. Because of  the difference, they will be in the Office 365 Servicing Users Security Group instead of Office 365 All  Apps.  We can grant standalone licensing for Microsoft Teams if needed. Request permission from either  Mark McCool or Sue Vergaldi first. If granted, add the user to Office 365 Teams Group.     ","service users note service users note friday, february 9, 2018 7:51 service users o365 now, exception microsoft team onedrive. difference, office 365 service users security group instead office 365 apps. grant standalone license microsoft team needed. request permission either mark mccool sue vergaldi first. granted, add user office 365 team group."
392,Set Default Attachment Folder," Monday, December 10, 2012 2:19 PM HOW TO SET THE DEFAUL ATTACHMENT FOLDER  1. START | RUN | REGEDIT | OK  Locate the following registry key  HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Explorer\User Shell Folders Double-click PERSONAL in the right pane. Cange the value to the path you want. For example C:\Attachments On the Registry menu, click Exit. Restart Outlook.     ","[72, 0, 296, 779]",[327],"Set Default Attachment Folder Set Default Attachment Folder Set Default Attachment Folder Set Default Attachment Folder Set Default Attachment Folder Set Default Attachment Folder Set Default Attachment Folder Set Default Attachment Folder Set Default Attachment Folder Set Default Attachment Folder   Monday, December 10, 2012 2:19 PM HOW TO SET THE DEFAUL ATTACHMENT FOLDER  1. START | RUN | REGEDIT | OK  Locate the following registry key  HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Explorer\User Shell Folders Double-click PERSONAL in the right pane. Cange the value to the path you want. For example C:\Attachments On the Registry menu, click Exit. Restart Outlook.     ","set default attachment folder set default attachment folder set default attachment folder set default attachment folder set default attachment folder set default attachment folder set default attachment folder set default attachment folder set default attachment folder set default attachment folder monday, december 10, 2012 2:19 pm set defaul attachment folder 1. start | run | regedit | ok locate follow registry key hkey_current_user\software\microsoft\windows\currentversion\explorer\user shell folders double-click personal right pane. cange value path want. example c:\attachments registry menu, click exit. restart outlook.","Set Default Attachment Folder Set Default Attachment Folder   Monday, December 10, 2012 2:19 PM HOW TO SET THE DEFAUL ATTACHMENT FOLDER  1. START | RUN | REGEDIT | OK  Locate the following registry key  HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Explorer\User Shell Folders Double-click PERSONAL in the right pane. Cange the value to the path you want. For example C:\Attachments On the Registry menu, click Exit. Restart Outlook.     ","set default attachment folder set default attachment folder monday, december 10, 2012 2:19 pm set defaul attachment folder 1. start | run | regedit | ok locate follow registry key hkey_current_user\software\microsoft\windows\currentversion\explorer\user shell folders double-click personal right pane. cange value path want. example c:\attachments registry menu, click exit. restart outlook."
393,Set Mailbox Archive Retention Policy," Friday, September 11, 2015 12:09 PM Retention Policies in exchange can be described as policies which enforce certain actions on mail in the main mailbox based off said policy. For our purposes,  these  policies are the ones that are used to archive mail from the main mailbox to the user's archive mailbox.  EMC 1. Go to Organization Configuration<> Mailbox and click on the Retention Policies Tab. The 3 ones of note should be 1 Month Archive, 2 Months Archive and 3  Months Archive. Never apply a policy that has Delete in one of its ""tags"" unless the user specifically asks for it as applying one of these policies will delete all  mail at the rate it is listed as, and then you'll have an angry user wondering where his or her mail went. 2. To apply the Policy right click on the policy you wish to apply to said user in properties.  In this example, I'm using the 1 month archive policy. Click on the  mailboxes tab, and click on ""Add"". Search for the user in question and add them to the policy. Continue to press OK or  POWERSHELL SECTION 1. First list the available policies with Powershell Get-RetentionPolicy      We typically use one of the following: 1 Month Archive 2 Months Archive 3 Months Archive (this is the default for Add-ArchiveMailbox) 2. Apply policy to mailbox Set-Mailbox user -RetentionPolicy ""retentionpolicyname"" 3. Verify setting Get-Mailbox user | fl RetentionPolicy 3A. Force change to take affect immediately Start-ManagedFolderAssistant user    ","[52, 5, 52, 784]","[303, 304]","Set Mailbox Archive Retention Policy Set Mailbox Archive Retention Policy Set Mailbox Archive Retention Policy Set Mailbox Archive Retention Policy Set Mailbox Archive Retention Policy Set Mailbox Archive Retention Policy Set Mailbox Archive Retention Policy Set Mailbox Archive Retention Policy Set Mailbox Archive Retention Policy Set Mailbox Archive Retention Policy   Friday, September 11, 2015 12:09 PM Retention Policies in exchange can be described as policies which enforce certain actions on mail in the main mailbox based off said policy. For our purposes,  these  policies are the ones that are used to archive mail from the main mailbox to the user's archive mailbox.  EMC 1. Go to Organization Configuration<> Mailbox and click on the Retention Policies Tab. The 3 ones of note should be 1 Month Archive, 2 Months Archive and 3  Months Archive. Never apply a policy that has Delete in one of its ""tags"" unless the user specifically asks for it as applying one of these policies will delete all  mail at the rate it is listed as, and then you'll have an angry user wondering where his or her mail went. 2. To apply the Policy right click on the policy you wish to apply to said user in properties.  In this example, I'm using the 1 month archive policy. Click on the  mailboxes tab, and click on ""Add"". Search for the user in question and add them to the policy. Continue to press OK or  POWERSHELL SECTION 1. First list the available policies with Powershell Get-RetentionPolicy      We typically use one of the following: 1 Month Archive 2 Months Archive 3 Months Archive (this is the default for Add-ArchiveMailbox) 2. Apply policy to mailbox Set-Mailbox user -RetentionPolicy ""retentionpolicyname"" 3. Verify setting Get-Mailbox user | fl RetentionPolicy 3A. Force change to take affect immediately Start-ManagedFolderAssistant user    ","set mailbox archive retention policy set mailbox archive retention policy set mailbox archive retention policy set mailbox archive retention policy set mailbox archive retention policy set mailbox archive retention policy set mailbox archive retention policy set mailbox archive retention policy set mailbox archive retention policy set mailbox archive retention policy friday, september 11, 2015 12:09 pm retention policies exchange describe policies enforce certain action mail main mailbox base say policy. purposes, policies ones use archive mail main mailbox user's archive mailbox. emc 1. go organization configuration<> mailbox click retention policies tab. 3 ones note 1 month archive, 2 months archive 3 months archive. never apply policy delete one ""tags"" unless user specifically ask apply one policies delete mail rate list as, angry user wonder mail went. 2. apply policy right click policy wish apply say user properties. example, i'm use 1 month archive policy. click mailboxes tab, click ""add"". search user question add policy. continue press ok powershell section 1. first list available policies powershell get-retentionpolicy typically use one following: 1 month archive 2 months archive 3 months archive (this default add-archivemailbox) 2. apply policy mailbox set-mailbox user -retentionpolicy ""retentionpolicyname"" 3. verify set get-mailbox user | fl retentionpolicy 3a. force change take affect immediately start-managedfolderassistant user","Set Mailbox Archive Retention Policy Set Mailbox Archive Retention Policy   Friday, September 11, 2015 12:09 PM Retention Policies in exchange can be described as policies which enforce certain actions on mail in the main mailbox based off said policy. For our purposes,  these  policies are the ones that are used to archive mail from the main mailbox to the user's archive mailbox.  EMC 1. Go to Organization Configuration<> Mailbox and click on the Retention Policies Tab. The 3 ones of note should be 1 Month Archive, 2 Months Archive and 3  Months Archive. Never apply a policy that has Delete in one of its ""tags"" unless the user specifically asks for it as applying one of these policies will delete all  mail at the rate it is listed as, and then you'll have an angry user wondering where his or her mail went. 2. To apply the Policy right click on the policy you wish to apply to said user in properties.  In this example, I'm using the 1 month archive policy. Click on the  mailboxes tab, and click on ""Add"". Search for the user in question and add them to the policy. Continue to press OK or  POWERSHELL SECTION 1. First list the available policies with Powershell Get-RetentionPolicy      We typically use one of the following: 1 Month Archive 2 Months Archive 3 Months Archive (this is the default for Add-ArchiveMailbox) 2. Apply policy to mailbox Set-Mailbox user -RetentionPolicy ""retentionpolicyname"" 3. Verify setting Get-Mailbox user | fl RetentionPolicy 3A. Force change to take affect immediately Start-ManagedFolderAssistant user    ","set mailbox archive retention policy set mailbox archive retention policy friday, september 11, 2015 12:09 pm retention policies exchange describe policies enforce certain action mail main mailbox base say policy. purposes, policies ones use archive mail main mailbox user's archive mailbox. emc 1. go organization configuration<> mailbox click retention policies tab. 3 ones note 1 month archive, 2 months archive 3 months archive. never apply policy delete one ""tags"" unless user specifically ask apply one policies delete mail rate list as, angry user wonder mail went. 2. apply policy right click policy wish apply say user properties. example, i'm use 1 month archive policy. click mailboxes tab, click ""add"". search user question add policy. continue press ok powershell section 1. first list available policies powershell get-retentionpolicy typically use one following: 1 month archive 2 months archive 3 months archive (this default add-archivemailbox) 2. apply policy mailbox set-mailbox user -retentionpolicy ""retentionpolicyname"" 3. verify set get-mailbox user | fl retentionpolicy 3a. force change take affect immediately start-managedfolderassistant user"
394,Set background images for multiple monitors," Thursday, January 7, 2016 9:45 AM The official way to add different backgrounds in Windows 10 is to select two images in File Explorer  (meaning they both have to be in the same folder), then right click and select “Set as desktop  background”. The two images will now appear on your two monitors, with the image you right  clicked occupying your primary display.  The problem is the File Explorer method automatically  swaps the images between the two monitors every thirty minutes by default—a nice feature that  some people may like, but…yeah. Windows 10 doesn’t offer an obvious way to set static, individual wallpapers for every display in  your multi monitor setup, but we can work around that. First, tap the Windows logo key + R to open the Run window, then type (or copy and paste) the  following- control /name Microsoft.Personalization /page pageWallpaper That should take you straight to Control Panel > Appearance and Personalization > Personalization >  Desktop background. This section was a normal part of Windows 8, but is hidden in Windows 10— you can't manually find it in the Control Panel or the Settings app's Personalization options. Locate the image you want to set and right click, then choose which monitor you want that to be the  background on.    ","[72, 0, 177, 775]",[677],"Set background images for multiple monitors Set background images for multiple monitors Set background images for multiple monitors Set background images for multiple monitors Set background images for multiple monitors Set background images for multiple monitors Set background images for multiple monitors Set background images for multiple monitors Set background images for multiple monitors Set background images for multiple monitors   Thursday, January 7, 2016 9:45 AM The official way to add different backgrounds in Windows 10 is to select two images in File Explorer  (meaning they both have to be in the same folder), then right click and select “Set as desktop  background”. The two images will now appear on your two monitors, with the image you right  clicked occupying your primary display.  The problem is the File Explorer method automatically  swaps the images between the two monitors every thirty minutes by default—a nice feature that  some people may like, but…yeah. Windows 10 doesn’t offer an obvious way to set static, individual wallpapers for every display in  your multi monitor setup, but we can work around that. First, tap the Windows logo key + R to open the Run window, then type (or copy and paste) the  following- control /name Microsoft.Personalization /page pageWallpaper That should take you straight to Control Panel > Appearance and Personalization > Personalization >  Desktop background. This section was a normal part of Windows 8, but is hidden in Windows 10— you can't manually find it in the Control Panel or the Settings app's Personalization options. Locate the image you want to set and right click, then choose which monitor you want that to be the  background on.    ","set background image multiple monitor set background image multiple monitor set background image multiple monitor set background image multiple monitor set background image multiple monitor set background image multiple monitor set background image multiple monitor set background image multiple monitor set background image multiple monitor set background image multiple monitor thursday, january 7, 2016 9:45 official way add different background windows 10 select two image file explorer (meaning folder), right click select “set desktop background”. two image appear two monitors, image right click occupy primary display. problem file explorer method automatically swap image two monitor every thirty minutes default—a nice feature people may like, but…yeah. windows 10 doesn’t offer obvious way set static, individual wallpaper every display multi monitor setup, work around that. first, tap windows logo key + r open run window, type (or copy paste) following- control /name microsoft.personalization /page pagewallpaper take straight control panel > appearance personalization > personalization > desktop background. section normal part windows 8, hide windows 10— can't manually find control panel settings app's personalization options. locate image want set right click, choose monitor want background on.","Set background images for multiple monitors Set background images for multiple monitors   Thursday, January 7, 2016 9:45 AM The official way to add different backgrounds in Windows 10 is to select two images in File Explorer  (meaning they both have to be in the same folder), then right click and select “Set as desktop  background”. The two images will now appear on your two monitors, with the image you right  clicked occupying your primary display.  The problem is the File Explorer method automatically  swaps the images between the two monitors every thirty minutes by default—a nice feature that  some people may like, but…yeah. Windows 10 doesn’t offer an obvious way to set static, individual wallpapers for every display in  your multi monitor setup, but we can work around that. First, tap the Windows logo key + R to open the Run window, then type (or copy and paste) the  following- control /name Microsoft.Personalization /page pageWallpaper That should take you straight to Control Panel > Appearance and Personalization > Personalization >  Desktop background. This section was a normal part of Windows 8, but is hidden in Windows 10— you can't manually find it in the Control Panel or the Settings app's Personalization options. Locate the image you want to set and right click, then choose which monitor you want that to be the  background on.    ","set background image multiple monitor set background image multiple monitor thursday, january 7, 2016 9:45 official way add different background windows 10 select two image file explorer (meaning folder), right click select “set desktop background”. two image appear two monitors, image right click occupy primary display. problem file explorer method automatically swap image two monitor every thirty minutes default—a nice feature people may like, but…yeah. windows 10 doesn’t offer obvious way set static, individual wallpaper every display multi monitor setup, work around that. first, tap windows logo key + r open run window, type (or copy paste) following- control /name microsoft.personalization /page pagewallpaper take straight control panel > appearance personalization > personalization > desktop background. section normal part windows 8, hide windows 10— can't manually find control panel settings app's personalization options. locate image want set right click, choose monitor want background on."
395,Setting IE into Compatibility Mode," Wednesday, March 16, 2016 10:27 PM      ----------------------------------------------------------------------","[64, 562, 64, 10]","[455, 456]","Setting IE into Compatibility Mode Setting IE into Compatibility Mode Setting IE into Compatibility Mode Setting IE into Compatibility Mode Setting IE into Compatibility Mode Setting IE into Compatibility Mode Setting IE into Compatibility Mode Setting IE into Compatibility Mode Setting IE into Compatibility Mode Setting IE into Compatibility Mode   Wednesday, March 16, 2016 10:27 PM      ----------------------------------------------------------------------","set ie compatibility mode set ie compatibility mode set ie compatibility mode set ie compatibility mode set ie compatibility mode set ie compatibility mode set ie compatibility mode set ie compatibility mode set ie compatibility mode set ie compatibility mode wednesday, march 16, 2016 10:27 pm ----------------------------------------------------------------------","Setting IE into Compatibility Mode Setting IE into Compatibility Mode   Wednesday, March 16, 2016 10:27 PM      ----------------------------------------------------------------------","set ie compatibility mode set ie compatibility mode wednesday, march 16, 2016 10:27 pm ----------------------------------------------------------------------"
396,Setting up a computer to use Direct Access," Monday, June 5, 2017 4:27 PM DIRECT ACCESS IS NOT A PRODUCTION SYSTEM, YOU MUST OBTAIN PERMISSION FROM IT  MANAGEMENT BEFORE SETTING UP DIRECT ACCESS IF THIS IS FOR A LAPTOP FOR A SERVICING USER THERE IS A DIFFERENT SETUP REQUIRED, PLEASE  SPEAK WITH A DESKTOP ENGINEER BEFORE PROCEEDING **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM**","[72, 640, 501, 775]",[1191],"Setting up a computer to use Direct Access Setting up a computer to use Direct Access Setting up a computer to use Direct Access Setting up a computer to use Direct Access Setting up a computer to use Direct Access Setting up a computer to use Direct Access Setting up a computer to use Direct Access Setting up a computer to use Direct Access Setting up a computer to use Direct Access Setting up a computer to use Direct Access   Monday, June 5, 2017 4:27 PM DIRECT ACCESS IS NOT A PRODUCTION SYSTEM, YOU MUST OBTAIN PERMISSION FROM IT  MANAGEMENT BEFORE SETTING UP DIRECT ACCESS IF THIS IS FOR A LAPTOP FOR A SERVICING USER THERE IS A DIFFERENT SETUP REQUIRED, PLEASE  SPEAK WITH A DESKTOP ENGINEER BEFORE PROCEEDING **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM**","set computer use direct access set computer use direct access set computer use direct access set computer use direct access set computer use direct access set computer use direct access set computer use direct access set computer use direct access set computer use direct access set computer use direct access monday, june 5, 2017 4:27 pm direct access production system, must obtain permission management set direct access laptop service user different setup required, please speak desktop engineer proceed **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team**","Setting up a computer to use Direct Access Setting up a computer to use Direct Access   Monday, June 5, 2017 4:27 PM DIRECT ACCESS IS NOT A PRODUCTION SYSTEM, YOU MUST OBTAIN PERMISSION FROM IT  MANAGEMENT BEFORE SETTING UP DIRECT ACCESS IF THIS IS FOR A LAPTOP FOR A SERVICING USER THERE IS A DIFFERENT SETUP REQUIRED, PLEASE  SPEAK WITH A DESKTOP ENGINEER BEFORE PROCEEDING **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM**","set computer use direct access set computer use direct access monday, june 5, 2017 4:27 pm direct access production system, must obtain permission management set direct access laptop service user different setup required, please speak desktop engineer proceed **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team**"
397,Shadow Copy Instructions," Monday, June 24, 2013 9:01 AM","[72, 769, 220, 779]",[427],"Shadow Copy Instructions Shadow Copy Instructions Shadow Copy Instructions Shadow Copy Instructions Shadow Copy Instructions Shadow Copy Instructions Shadow Copy Instructions Shadow Copy Instructions Shadow Copy Instructions Shadow Copy Instructions   Monday, June 24, 2013 9:01 AM","shadow copy instructions shadow copy instructions shadow copy instructions shadow copy instructions shadow copy instructions shadow copy instructions shadow copy instructions shadow copy instructions shadow copy instructions shadow copy instructions monday, june 24, 2013 9:01","Shadow Copy Instructions Shadow Copy Instructions   Monday, June 24, 2013 9:01 AM","shadow copy instructions shadow copy instructions monday, june 24, 2013 9:01"
398,SharePoint Group," Friday, June 15, 2018 8:28 AM  Friday, June 15, 2018 8:28 AM                   ","[62, 2, 62, 779]","[698, 701]","SharePoint Group SharePoint Group SharePoint Group SharePoint Group SharePoint Group SharePoint Group SharePoint Group SharePoint Group SharePoint Group SharePoint Group   Friday, June 15, 2018 8:28 AM  Friday, June 15, 2018 8:28 AM                   ","sharepoint group sharepoint group sharepoint group sharepoint group sharepoint group sharepoint group sharepoint group sharepoint group sharepoint group sharepoint group friday, june 15, 2018 8:28 friday, june 15, 2018 8:28","SharePoint Group SharePoint Group   Friday, June 15, 2018 8:28 AM  Friday, June 15, 2018 8:28 AM                   ","sharepoint group sharepoint group friday, june 15, 2018 8:28 friday, june 15, 2018 8:28"
399,Shared Folder Access," Friday, June 15, 2018 8:29 AM  Friday, June 15, 2018 8:29 AM              ","[62, 2, 62, 779]","[709, 711]","Shared Folder Access Shared Folder Access Shared Folder Access Shared Folder Access Shared Folder Access Shared Folder Access Shared Folder Access Shared Folder Access Shared Folder Access Shared Folder Access   Friday, June 15, 2018 8:29 AM  Friday, June 15, 2018 8:29 AM              ","share folder access share folder access share folder access share folder access share folder access share folder access share folder access share folder access share folder access share folder access friday, june 15, 2018 8:29 friday, june 15, 2018 8:29","Shared Folder Access Shared Folder Access   Friday, June 15, 2018 8:29 AM  Friday, June 15, 2018 8:29 AM              ","share folder access share folder access friday, june 15, 2018 8:29 friday, june 15, 2018 8:29"
400,Shared Mailbox," Friday, June 15, 2018 8:27 AM  Friday, June 15, 2018 8:27 AM                        ","[62, 2, 62, 779]","[693, 697]","Shared Mailbox Shared Mailbox Shared Mailbox Shared Mailbox Shared Mailbox Shared Mailbox Shared Mailbox Shared Mailbox Shared Mailbox Shared Mailbox   Friday, June 15, 2018 8:27 AM  Friday, June 15, 2018 8:27 AM                        ","share mailbox share mailbox share mailbox share mailbox share mailbox share mailbox share mailbox share mailbox share mailbox share mailbox friday, june 15, 2018 8:27 friday, june 15, 2018 8:27","Shared Mailbox Shared Mailbox   Friday, June 15, 2018 8:27 AM  Friday, June 15, 2018 8:27 AM                        ","share mailbox share mailbox friday, june 15, 2018 8:27 friday, june 15, 2018 8:27"
401,Shared Mailbox will not expand," Tuesday, February 20, 2018 8:09 AM Shared mailbox will not expand or display – This can sometimes happen if a user has full access to  another on prem or exchange online mailbox.  If for some reason this occurs, remove the mailbox  from Outlook and re-add.     ","[72, 0, 183, 775]",[263],"Shared Mailbox will not expand Shared Mailbox will not expand Shared Mailbox will not expand Shared Mailbox will not expand Shared Mailbox will not expand Shared Mailbox will not expand Shared Mailbox will not expand Shared Mailbox will not expand Shared Mailbox will not expand Shared Mailbox will not expand   Tuesday, February 20, 2018 8:09 AM Shared mailbox will not expand or display – This can sometimes happen if a user has full access to  another on prem or exchange online mailbox.  If for some reason this occurs, remove the mailbox  from Outlook and re-add.     ","share mailbox expand share mailbox expand share mailbox expand share mailbox expand share mailbox expand share mailbox expand share mailbox expand share mailbox expand share mailbox expand share mailbox expand tuesday, february 20, 2018 8:09 share mailbox expand display – sometimes happen user full access another prem exchange online mailbox. reason occurs, remove mailbox outlook re-add.","Shared Mailbox will not expand Shared Mailbox will not expand   Tuesday, February 20, 2018 8:09 AM Shared mailbox will not expand or display – This can sometimes happen if a user has full access to  another on prem or exchange online mailbox.  If for some reason this occurs, remove the mailbox  from Outlook and re-add.     ","share mailbox expand share mailbox expand tuesday, february 20, 2018 8:09 share mailbox expand display – sometimes happen user full access another prem exchange online mailbox. reason occurs, remove mailbox outlook re-add."
402,Sharepoint Files Not Appearing After Upload," Tuesday, June 26, 2018 3:14 PM When a user upload files to Sharepoint through Teams, OneDrive or the browser, other members  might not be able to see those files if this option is turned on: How to get to this setting: From within Teams, under the Files tab, select the menu item Open in  SharePoint. When SharePoint opens, the member will see the files/folders listed in the Files  tab. Click on the gear icon to open settings for this SharePoint Document folder  page. Select Library Settings. Select Version Settings. From <https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/Microsoft-Teams/Two-questions-does-Teams-offer-document- revision-control-and-can/td-p/104714>  If this feature is checked Yes, any files uploaded by one user will be automatically set in ""Checked- out"" state and will be invisible to other users unless it is ""Checked-in"". This is not common behavior  and by default, this option should be set to No. Ref: BIT430181    ","[64, 2, 147, 779]",[285],"Sharepoint Files Not Appearing After Upload Sharepoint Files Not Appearing After Upload Sharepoint Files Not Appearing After Upload Sharepoint Files Not Appearing After Upload Sharepoint Files Not Appearing After Upload Sharepoint Files Not Appearing After Upload Sharepoint Files Not Appearing After Upload Sharepoint Files Not Appearing After Upload Sharepoint Files Not Appearing After Upload Sharepoint Files Not Appearing After Upload   Tuesday, June 26, 2018 3:14 PM When a user upload files to Sharepoint through Teams, OneDrive or the browser, other members  might not be able to see those files if this option is turned on: How to get to this setting: From within Teams, under the Files tab, select the menu item Open in  SharePoint. When SharePoint opens, the member will see the files/folders listed in the Files  tab. Click on the gear icon to open settings for this SharePoint Document folder  page. Select Library Settings. Select Version Settings. From <https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/Microsoft-Teams/Two-questions-does-Teams-offer-document- revision-control-and-can/td-p/104714>  If this feature is checked Yes, any files uploaded by one user will be automatically set in ""Checked- out"" state and will be invisible to other users unless it is ""Checked-in"". This is not common behavior  and by default, this option should be set to No. Ref: BIT430181    ","sharepoint file appear upload sharepoint file appear upload sharepoint file appear upload sharepoint file appear upload sharepoint file appear upload sharepoint file appear upload sharepoint file appear upload sharepoint file appear upload sharepoint file appear upload sharepoint file appear upload tuesday, june 26, 2018 3:14 pm user upload file sharepoint teams, onedrive browser, members might able see file option turn on: get setting: within teams, file tab, select menu item open sharepoint. sharepoint opens, member see files/folders list file tab. click gear icon open settings sharepoint document folder page. select library settings. select version settings. <https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/microsoft-teams/two-questions-does-teams-offer-document- revision-control-and-can/td-p/104714> feature check yes, file upload one user automatically set ""checked- out"" state invisible users unless ""checked-in"". common behavior default, option set no. ref: bit430181","Sharepoint Files Not Appearing After Upload Sharepoint Files Not Appearing After Upload   Tuesday, June 26, 2018 3:14 PM When a user upload files to Sharepoint through Teams, OneDrive or the browser, other members  might not be able to see those files if this option is turned on: How to get to this setting: From within Teams, under the Files tab, select the menu item Open in  SharePoint. When SharePoint opens, the member will see the files/folders listed in the Files  tab. Click on the gear icon to open settings for this SharePoint Document folder  page. Select Library Settings. Select Version Settings. From <https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/Microsoft-Teams/Two-questions-does-Teams-offer-document- revision-control-and-can/td-p/104714>  If this feature is checked Yes, any files uploaded by one user will be automatically set in ""Checked- out"" state and will be invisible to other users unless it is ""Checked-in"". This is not common behavior  and by default, this option should be set to No. Ref: BIT430181    ","sharepoint file appear upload sharepoint file appear upload tuesday, june 26, 2018 3:14 pm user upload file sharepoint teams, onedrive browser, members might able see file option turn on: get setting: within teams, file tab, select menu item open sharepoint. sharepoint opens, member see files/folders list file tab. click gear icon open settings sharepoint document folder page. select library settings. select version settings. <https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/microsoft-teams/two-questions-does-teams-offer-document- revision-control-and-can/td-p/104714> feature check yes, file upload one user automatically set ""checked- out"" state invisible users unless ""checked-in"". common behavior default, option set no. ref: bit430181"
403,Sharing a File Externally (Third Party)," Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:52 AM Sharing a File Externally (Third Party) 1.) After uploading a file, click on the file that you want to share and check the box next to ‘Public  Share’. 2.) Once the box is checked, you’ll be prompted to choose which e-mail addresses should receive  a link to the file you are sharing. You must also specify whether the share will expire after one  use, or whether it can be downloaded repeatedly. By default, expiration date will be set for one week in advance. Enter the e-mail address of the recipient or recipients (separate multiple addresses with a ;) Check ‘Password Protect this public share’ if the file contains any confidential information or  PII If the file may be downloaded repeatedly or you have selected to password protect the  document, you must specify a password that must be entered before the file can be  downloaded. You will have to communicate this password to any intended recipients of the  file through some other secure means (phone, encrypted email, etc.). 3.) DO NOT include the password in the Notes field or send the password to a third party through  an un-encrypted e-mail). 4.) Once you click share, a publicly accessible URL to download the file will be created, any e-mail  addresses you’ve entered will be sent an email notifying them that the file is now available at  the generated URL, and the URL will be displayed. A sample of the generated e-mail is below     5.) You may view the publicly accessible download URL and send it to additional people by email  at any time after you share the file publicly on the ‘(view link)’ text next to the Public Share  checkbox.    ","[72, 0, 72, 779]","[767, 768]","Sharing a File Externally (Third Party) Sharing a File Externally (Third Party) Sharing a File Externally (Third Party) Sharing a File Externally (Third Party) Sharing a File Externally (Third Party) Sharing a File Externally (Third Party) Sharing a File Externally (Third Party) Sharing a File Externally (Third Party) Sharing a File Externally (Third Party) Sharing a File Externally (Third Party)   Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:52 AM Sharing a File Externally (Third Party) 1.) After uploading a file, click on the file that you want to share and check the box next to ‘Public  Share’. 2.) Once the box is checked, you’ll be prompted to choose which e-mail addresses should receive  a link to the file you are sharing. You must also specify whether the share will expire after one  use, or whether it can be downloaded repeatedly. By default, expiration date will be set for one week in advance. Enter the e-mail address of the recipient or recipients (separate multiple addresses with a ;) Check ‘Password Protect this public share’ if the file contains any confidential information or  PII If the file may be downloaded repeatedly or you have selected to password protect the  document, you must specify a password that must be entered before the file can be  downloaded. You will have to communicate this password to any intended recipients of the  file through some other secure means (phone, encrypted email, etc.). 3.) DO NOT include the password in the Notes field or send the password to a third party through  an un-encrypted e-mail). 4.) Once you click share, a publicly accessible URL to download the file will be created, any e-mail  addresses you’ve entered will be sent an email notifying them that the file is now available at  the generated URL, and the URL will be displayed. A sample of the generated e-mail is below     5.) You may view the publicly accessible download URL and send it to additional people by email  at any time after you share the file publicly on the ‘(view link)’ text next to the Public Share  checkbox.    ","share file externally (third party) share file externally (third party) share file externally (third party) share file externally (third party) share file externally (third party) share file externally (third party) share file externally (third party) share file externally (third party) share file externally (third party) share file externally (third party) thursday, december 13, 2012 11:52 share file externally (third party) 1.) upload file, click file want share check box next ‘public share’. 2.) box checked, you’ll prompt choose e-mail address receive link file sharing. must also specify whether share expire one use, whether download repeatedly. default, expiration date set one week advance. enter e-mail address recipient recipients (separate multiple address ;) check ‘password protect public share’ file contain confidential information pii file may download repeatedly select password protect document, must specify password must enter file downloaded. communicate password intend recipients file secure mean (phone, encrypt email, etc.). 3.) include password note field send password third party un-encrypted e-mail). 4.) click share, publicly accessible url download file created, e-mail address you’ve enter send email notify file available generate url, url displayed. sample generate e-mail 5.) may view publicly accessible download url send additional people email time share file publicly ‘(view link)’ text next public share checkbox.","Sharing a File Externally (Third Party) Sharing a File Externally (Third Party)   Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:52 AM Sharing a File Externally (Third Party) 1.) After uploading a file, click on the file that you want to share and check the box next to ‘Public  Share’. 2.) Once the box is checked, you’ll be prompted to choose which e-mail addresses should receive  a link to the file you are sharing. You must also specify whether the share will expire after one  use, or whether it can be downloaded repeatedly. By default, expiration date will be set for one week in advance. Enter the e-mail address of the recipient or recipients (separate multiple addresses with a ;) Check ‘Password Protect this public share’ if the file contains any confidential information or  PII If the file may be downloaded repeatedly or you have selected to password protect the  document, you must specify a password that must be entered before the file can be  downloaded. You will have to communicate this password to any intended recipients of the  file through some other secure means (phone, encrypted email, etc.). 3.) DO NOT include the password in the Notes field or send the password to a third party through  an un-encrypted e-mail). 4.) Once you click share, a publicly accessible URL to download the file will be created, any e-mail  addresses you’ve entered will be sent an email notifying them that the file is now available at  the generated URL, and the URL will be displayed. A sample of the generated e-mail is below     5.) You may view the publicly accessible download URL and send it to additional people by email  at any time after you share the file publicly on the ‘(view link)’ text next to the Public Share  checkbox.    ","share file externally (third party) share file externally (third party) thursday, december 13, 2012 11:52 share file externally (third party) 1.) upload file, click file want share check box next ‘public share’. 2.) box checked, you’ll prompt choose e-mail address receive link file sharing. must also specify whether share expire one use, whether download repeatedly. default, expiration date set one week advance. enter e-mail address recipient recipients (separate multiple address ;) check ‘password protect public share’ file contain confidential information pii file may download repeatedly select password protect document, must specify password must enter file downloaded. communicate password intend recipients file secure mean (phone, encrypt email, etc.). 3.) include password note field send password third party un-encrypted e-mail). 4.) click share, publicly accessible url download file created, e-mail address you’ve enter send email notify file available generate url, url displayed. sample generate e-mail 5.) may view publicly accessible download url send additional people email time share file publicly ‘(view link)’ text next public share checkbox."
404,Sharing a File Internally," Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:39 AM Sharing a File Internally 1.) After uploading a file, click on the file that you want to share and click the ‘Share This File’  button that appears in the drop-down window. 2.) When the pop-up box appears, you can either select to share with a user or a Group. a. If sharing with a single user, click on the ‘Share with Users’ tab. In addition, select the  ‘Name’ tab.  Simply type in the name of Berkadia employee into the box. After a few  characters have been entered, a drop-down selection box will appear with matching  results so that you can select the correct user.  If having trouble locating using, check the  ‘Search the entire Berkadia directory’ box. Select the user you wish to share the  document with. When the user has been selected, you may mark the checkbox ‘Notify via email’ so that  the user would know you have shared a file. Finally, for single-user sharing, click the ‘Share’ button next to the user’s name. If sharing with a group, you must first create a group and add members to it. Click the ‘Share with  Groups Tab’. The list of available groups that have been created will be listed in the window.  When sharing with a group, you may select the checkbox ‘Notify via email’ so that they know you  have shared a file. Finally, group sharing; click the ‘Share’ button next to the group’s name.         ","[72, 0, 72, 779]","[765, 766]","Sharing a File Internally Sharing a File Internally Sharing a File Internally Sharing a File Internally Sharing a File Internally Sharing a File Internally Sharing a File Internally Sharing a File Internally Sharing a File Internally Sharing a File Internally   Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:39 AM Sharing a File Internally 1.) After uploading a file, click on the file that you want to share and click the ‘Share This File’  button that appears in the drop-down window. 2.) When the pop-up box appears, you can either select to share with a user or a Group. a. If sharing with a single user, click on the ‘Share with Users’ tab. In addition, select the  ‘Name’ tab.  Simply type in the name of Berkadia employee into the box. After a few  characters have been entered, a drop-down selection box will appear with matching  results so that you can select the correct user.  If having trouble locating using, check the  ‘Search the entire Berkadia directory’ box. Select the user you wish to share the  document with. When the user has been selected, you may mark the checkbox ‘Notify via email’ so that  the user would know you have shared a file. Finally, for single-user sharing, click the ‘Share’ button next to the user’s name. If sharing with a group, you must first create a group and add members to it. Click the ‘Share with  Groups Tab’. The list of available groups that have been created will be listed in the window.  When sharing with a group, you may select the checkbox ‘Notify via email’ so that they know you  have shared a file. Finally, group sharing; click the ‘Share’ button next to the group’s name.         ","share file internally share file internally share file internally share file internally share file internally share file internally share file internally share file internally share file internally share file internally thursday, december 13, 2012 11:39 share file internally 1.) upload file, click file want share click ‘share file’ button appear drop-down window. 2.) pop-up box appears, either select share user group. a. share single user, click ‘share users’ tab. addition, select ‘name’ tab. simply type name berkadia employee box. character entered, drop-down selection box appear match result select correct user. trouble locate using, check ‘search entire berkadia directory’ box. select user wish share document with. user selected, may mark checkbox ‘notify via email’ user would know share file. finally, single-user sharing, click ‘share’ button next user’s name. share group, must first create group add members it. click ‘share group tab’. list available group create list window. share group, may select checkbox ‘notify via email’ know share file. finally, group sharing; click ‘share’ button next group’s name.","Sharing a File Internally Sharing a File Internally   Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:39 AM Sharing a File Internally 1.) After uploading a file, click on the file that you want to share and click the ‘Share This File’  button that appears in the drop-down window. 2.) When the pop-up box appears, you can either select to share with a user or a Group. a. If sharing with a single user, click on the ‘Share with Users’ tab. In addition, select the  ‘Name’ tab.  Simply type in the name of Berkadia employee into the box. After a few  characters have been entered, a drop-down selection box will appear with matching  results so that you can select the correct user.  If having trouble locating using, check the  ‘Search the entire Berkadia directory’ box. Select the user you wish to share the  document with. When the user has been selected, you may mark the checkbox ‘Notify via email’ so that  the user would know you have shared a file. Finally, for single-user sharing, click the ‘Share’ button next to the user’s name. If sharing with a group, you must first create a group and add members to it. Click the ‘Share with  Groups Tab’. The list of available groups that have been created will be listed in the window.  When sharing with a group, you may select the checkbox ‘Notify via email’ so that they know you  have shared a file. Finally, group sharing; click the ‘Share’ button next to the group’s name.         ","share file internally share file internally thursday, december 13, 2012 11:39 share file internally 1.) upload file, click file want share click ‘share file’ button appear drop-down window. 2.) pop-up box appears, either select share user group. a. share single user, click ‘share users’ tab. addition, select ‘name’ tab. simply type name berkadia employee box. character entered, drop-down selection box appear match result select correct user. trouble locate using, check ‘search entire berkadia directory’ box. select user wish share document with. user selected, may mark checkbox ‘notify via email’ user would know share file. finally, single-user sharing, click ‘share’ button next user’s name. share group, must first create group add members it. click ‘share group tab’. list available group create list window. share group, may select checkbox ‘notify via email’ know share file. finally, group sharing; click ‘share’ button next group’s name."
405,Shaun Lee (Front Desk)," Tuesday, June 21, 2016 4:39 PM 1 x Dell 16:9 monitor 1 x Dell Vostro desktop Dell USB keyboard & mouse Cisco 7965 phone Computer is under desk in corner (left side) Network jack is under desk on opposite side from computer (right side)         ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[952, 953]","Shaun Lee (Front Desk) Shaun Lee (Front Desk) Shaun Lee (Front Desk) Shaun Lee (Front Desk) Shaun Lee (Front Desk) Shaun Lee (Front Desk) Shaun Lee (Front Desk) Shaun Lee (Front Desk) Shaun Lee (Front Desk) Shaun Lee (Front Desk)   Tuesday, June 21, 2016 4:39 PM 1 x Dell 16:9 monitor 1 x Dell Vostro desktop Dell USB keyboard & mouse Cisco 7965 phone Computer is under desk in corner (left side) Network jack is under desk on opposite side from computer (right side)         ","shaun lee (front desk) shaun lee (front desk) shaun lee (front desk) shaun lee (front desk) shaun lee (front desk) shaun lee (front desk) shaun lee (front desk) shaun lee (front desk) shaun lee (front desk) shaun lee (front desk) tuesday, june 21, 2016 4:39 pm 1 x dell 16:9 monitor 1 x dell vostro desktop dell usb keyboard & mouse cisco 7965 phone computer desk corner (left side) network jack desk opposite side computer (right side)","Shaun Lee (Front Desk) Shaun Lee (Front Desk)   Tuesday, June 21, 2016 4:39 PM 1 x Dell 16:9 monitor 1 x Dell Vostro desktop Dell USB keyboard & mouse Cisco 7965 phone Computer is under desk in corner (left side) Network jack is under desk on opposite side from computer (right side)         ","shaun lee (front desk) shaun lee (front desk) tuesday, june 21, 2016 4:39 pm 1 x dell 16:9 monitor 1 x dell vostro desktop dell usb keyboard & mouse cisco 7965 phone computer desk corner (left side) network jack desk opposite side computer (right side)"
406,Shortcut Keys," Thursday, January 7, 2016 9:52 AM Shortcut-Ke ys-For-Wi...    ","[72, 0, 177, 775]",[678],"Shortcut Keys Shortcut Keys Shortcut Keys Shortcut Keys Shortcut Keys Shortcut Keys Shortcut Keys Shortcut Keys Shortcut Keys Shortcut Keys   Thursday, January 7, 2016 9:52 AM Shortcut-Ke ys-For-Wi...    ","shortcut key shortcut key shortcut key shortcut key shortcut key shortcut key shortcut key shortcut key shortcut key shortcut key thursday, january 7, 2016 9:52 shortcut-ke ys-for-wi...","Shortcut Keys Shortcut Keys   Thursday, January 7, 2016 9:52 AM Shortcut-Ke ys-For-Wi...    ","shortcut key shortcut key thursday, january 7, 2016 9:52 shortcut-ke ys-for-wi..."
407,Skype," Friday, June 15, 2018 10:53 AM Enable Skype at: https://lyncfe.gmaccm.com/cscp/ Log in with adm account.    ","[72, 0, 157, 775]",[237],"Skype Skype Skype Skype Skype Skype Skype Skype Skype Skype   Friday, June 15, 2018 10:53 AM Enable Skype at: https://lyncfe.gmaccm.com/cscp/ Log in with adm account.    ","skype skype skype skype skype skype skype skype skype skype friday, june 15, 2018 10:53 enable skype at: https://lyncfe.gmaccm.com/cscp/ log adm account.","Skype Skype   Friday, June 15, 2018 10:53 AM Enable Skype at: https://lyncfe.gmaccm.com/cscp/ Log in with adm account.    ","skype skype friday, june 15, 2018 10:53 enable skype at: https://lyncfe.gmaccm.com/cscp/ log adm account."
408,"Sleep, log out, and shut down shortcuts"," Command- Shift-Tilde (~) Switch windows: Switch to the next most recently used window of  the front app. Command- Shift-3 Screenshot: Take a screenshot of the entire screen. Learn more  screenshot shortcuts. Preferences: Open preferences for the front app. Command- Comma (,)                Shortcut               Description Power button Tap to turn on your Mac or wake your Mac from sleep.  Hold for 1.5 seconds while your Mac is awake to display a  dialog asking if you want to restart, sleep, or shut down. Hold for 5 seconds to force your Mac to turn off. Command–Control– Power button Command–Option– Power button Shift–Control– Power button Command–Control– Power button Force your Mac to restart. Put your Mac to sleep. Put your displays to sleep. Quit all apps, then restart your Mac. If any open  documents have unsaved changes, you'll be asked  whether you want to save them. Command–Option– Control– Power button Quit all apps, then shut down your Mac. If any open  documents have unsaved changes, you'll be asked  whether you want to save them. Command-Shift-Q Log out of your OS X user account. You'll be asked to  confirm. Command-Shift- Option-Q","[72, 270, 182, 657]",[502],"Sleep, log out, and shut down shortcuts Sleep, log out, and shut down shortcuts Sleep, log out, and shut down shortcuts Sleep, log out, and shut down shortcuts Sleep, log out, and shut down shortcuts Sleep, log out, and shut down shortcuts Sleep, log out, and shut down shortcuts Sleep, log out, and shut down shortcuts Sleep, log out, and shut down shortcuts Sleep, log out, and shut down shortcuts   Command- Shift-Tilde (~) Switch windows: Switch to the next most recently used window of  the front app. Command- Shift-3 Screenshot: Take a screenshot of the entire screen. Learn more  screenshot shortcuts. Preferences: Open preferences for the front app. Command- Comma (,)                Shortcut               Description Power button Tap to turn on your Mac or wake your Mac from sleep.  Hold for 1.5 seconds while your Mac is awake to display a  dialog asking if you want to restart, sleep, or shut down. Hold for 5 seconds to force your Mac to turn off. Command–Control– Power button Command–Option– Power button Shift–Control– Power button Command–Control– Power button Force your Mac to restart. Put your Mac to sleep. Put your displays to sleep. Quit all apps, then restart your Mac. If any open  documents have unsaved changes, you'll be asked  whether you want to save them. Command–Option– Control– Power button Quit all apps, then shut down your Mac. If any open  documents have unsaved changes, you'll be asked  whether you want to save them. Command-Shift-Q Log out of your OS X user account. You'll be asked to  confirm. Command-Shift- Option-Q","sleep, log out, shut shortcuts sleep, log out, shut shortcuts sleep, log out, shut shortcuts sleep, log out, shut shortcuts sleep, log out, shut shortcuts sleep, log out, shut shortcuts sleep, log out, shut shortcuts sleep, log out, shut shortcuts sleep, log out, shut shortcuts sleep, log out, shut shortcuts command- shift-tilde (~) switch windows: switch next recently use window front app. command- shift-3 screenshot: take screenshot entire screen. learn screenshot shortcuts. preferences: open preferences front app. command- comma (,) shortcut description power button tap turn mac wake mac sleep. hold 1.5 second mac awake display dialog ask want restart, sleep, shut down. hold 5 second force mac turn off. command–control– power button command–option– power button shift–control– power button command–control– power button force mac restart. put mac sleep. put display sleep. quit apps, restart mac. open document unsaved changes, ask whether want save them. command–option– control– power button quit apps, shut mac. open document unsaved changes, ask whether want save them. command-shift-q log os x user account. ask confirm. command-shift- option-q","Sleep, log out, and shut down shortcuts Sleep, log out, and shut down shortcuts   Command- Shift-Tilde (~) Switch windows: Switch to the next most recently used window of  the front app. Command- Shift-3 Screenshot: Take a screenshot of the entire screen. Learn more  screenshot shortcuts. Preferences: Open preferences for the front app. Command- Comma (,)                Shortcut               Description Power button Tap to turn on your Mac or wake your Mac from sleep.  Hold for 1.5 seconds while your Mac is awake to display a  dialog asking if you want to restart, sleep, or shut down. Hold for 5 seconds to force your Mac to turn off. Command–Control– Power button Command–Option– Power button Shift–Control– Power button Command–Control– Power button Force your Mac to restart. Put your Mac to sleep. Put your displays to sleep. Quit all apps, then restart your Mac. If any open  documents have unsaved changes, you'll be asked  whether you want to save them. Command–Option– Control– Power button Quit all apps, then shut down your Mac. If any open  documents have unsaved changes, you'll be asked  whether you want to save them. Command-Shift-Q Log out of your OS X user account. You'll be asked to  confirm. Command-Shift- Option-Q","sleep, log out, shut shortcuts sleep, log out, shut shortcuts command- shift-tilde (~) switch windows: switch next recently use window front app. command- shift-3 screenshot: take screenshot entire screen. learn screenshot shortcuts. preferences: open preferences front app. command- comma (,) shortcut description power button tap turn mac wake mac sleep. hold 1.5 second mac awake display dialog ask want restart, sleep, shut down. hold 5 second force mac turn off. command–control– power button command–option– power button shift–control– power button command–control– power button force mac restart. put mac sleep. put display sleep. quit apps, restart mac. open document unsaved changes, ask whether want save them. command–option– control– power button quit apps, shut mac. open document unsaved changes, ask whether want save them. command-shift-q log os x user account. ask confirm. command-shift- option-q"
409,Spam Filter," Thursday, December 13, 2012 12:01 PM To access the Barracuda Spam filter, Please visit and  save this link: https://quarantine1.berkadia.com/ - OR - https://quarantine2.berkadia.com/ Login using your Berkadia email address and network  password    By default, you’ll see the Quarantine Inbox tab….Click  Preferences up top. You’ll want to add the Spanish  emails and any other undesirable emails in this list  below (Block list)      To add an entire domain just enter Domain.com or  User@<Domain.com> Examples: imagenescargadas.com      bademail.com      User@bademail.com Click on the Quarantine settings to manage email alerts  from Barracuda containing quarantine reports. Be sure  save your changes using the button on the top right of       save your changes using the button on the top right of  your screen.      Spam Troubleshooting lunedì 20 giugno 2016 09:13 This document will give a quick flow of how to diagnose issues with mailflow to the barracuda, which can give you an understa nding to relay information to the user or  escalate. Just remember all External e-mail comes through the barracuda first. So if a user complains about not receiving external e -mail and it doesn't show up in the  barracuda message logs, that means it never reached here at all.  I've attached a sample screenshot with various e-mails to help visualize this. Here's a listing of typical reasons for actions applied to e -mail messages found in the message log.  Blocked, Allowed, Whitelisted, Quarantined. These actions are pretty self-explanatory. However, if an e-mail is blocked or quarantined it is up to you to determine  whether is legit and if so, to notify the user and possibly deliver/whitelist the e -mail depending on the legitimacy of the e-mail or the reason for blocked action. Here is a list of typical blocked or quarantined reasons of e -mail and actions you should typically do when encountering e -mail with said reasons.  Score: All e-mail has a Spam Score assigned to it by the barracuda. For the most part, e -mails that contain content that are possibly considered spam will have higher  scores. Typical reasons are embedded links, lots of spam keywords or just a bunch of pictures. As of today 6/20/2016, any e -mail of a score of 8.0 or above will be  blocked, and 2.0-7.9 will be quarantined.  External Blacklists: As you can see by the above screenshot, external blacklists shows up as a blocked reason. These blacklists are basically a gr oup of organizations  which relay information to each other about known spammers to help the other organizations if spam gets through. You can chec k these by looking up blacklists in  google., I personally use mxtoolbox.com for example. Typically an e -mail domain that is blacklisted is probably a valid reason why the barracuda is blocking said e -mail  from the domain. In the below example, berkadia.com, it is not listed on any of the blacklists so email should be delivered p roperly. However, when I search for  03powder4u.com, it is listed by various blacklist locations.       Intent Block List: As a note, barracuda maintains its own type of blacklist as well called the Barracuda intent block list. You can search for d omains in here as well, which  may be considered spam-happy by barracuda appliances. You can reach this by going to  http://barracudacentral.org/lookups/lookup-reputation In this example, I put barbat1.com and it showed up as on the list, however berkadia.com did not. If a domain is on this list , it is likely that e-mail from that domain will  be considered spam on the barracuda, and the domain owners have to contact intent@barracuda.com to remove themselves from sai d list. SPF Records: are a type of DNS record that is placed on the domain to ensure valid ip's can send on behalf of that domain. For example, suppose an organization  has multiple e-mail servers across the globe, the SPF record would contain the names/ip's of said servers to prove they are valid e-mail senders. So in the follwing  example, magna.in is failing because the barracuda states that its SPF record does not list the source IP as valid. We can confirm this by looking at the SPF record.  As shown by the second screenshot below, the list of the IP's or locations in the spf record do not match the quarantined e-mails source IP. This means one of two  things. A) the e-mail domain has a rogue e-mail server or someone is spoofing their e-mail. B)The location and e-mail is legitimate, and the IT department of said  domain has made an oversight and forgot to add those IP's into their SPF record. As a rule of thumb, always assume it is the first reason, and if possible notify the  IT department of said domain to update their record. If the e-mail is legit, you can still whitelist this manually, and so can the users to override them from being  quarantined, but maintain a sense of caution when doing this.      ZeroHour Intent: Typically this is just explaining that the e-mail may contain a zero-day virus that the barracuda is blocking. Don't deliver these unless you're 100%  certain it’s a false positive. Sender : Most of these e-mails will not have a return address, which is why the e-mail is blocked. Don't deliver or whitelist these. Virus: Self Explanatory. Don't deliver or whitelist these unless you're sure it’s a false positive. Invalid Recipient: Self-Explanatory, the user doesn't exist in our mail organization, hence the e-mail is blocked. Delivering these e-mails won't work because there  is no user anyway that it could be delivered to.      Barracuda Introduction lunedì 20 giugno 2016 08:57 The barracuda spam filter enables you to see the message logs of external e-mail entering the enterprise, and gives you the ability to help users manage their quarantines.  To begin, you can login via any web browser to https://quarantine1.berkadia.com or https://quarantine2.berkadia.com 1. Login with your -adm account @berkadia.com (so for example, my login would be alopez -adm@berkadia.com) Once logged in, you will see the list of external domains that the barracuda has access to (see below). For the vast majority of tickets, these e-mails will be in berkadia.com, therefore  click on ""manage domain"" Once inside the domain manager, you'll see a basic overview of e-mail statistics. Click on Message Log.      Since the vast majority of tickets involve detailing why a user received spam, or why a message was blocked, you can search here based off of the user's request. Since we do not use  the barracuda for outgoing mail, disregard any searches for outgoing mail. Instead, make sure the tab is set to Inbound. The filter can then corral the e-mails at the request of the user.  So for example, suppose a user says no users aren't receiving e-mail from an e-mail domain called magna.in. Since multiple users are involved, you should search for incoming e-mail  from the domain name magna.in The below screenshot shows how to do so. As you can see by the screenshot, the reason all these e-mails are failing is because of an SPF fail. You can  peruse the Spam Troubleshooting section to get more information about common mailflow issues and how to verify if mailflow is being blocked due to a legit reason. From this window, you can select the e-mail with the checkbox and ""deliver"" the e-mail to the user's mailbox if need be. As a rule of thumb, don't deliver the e-mail if the reason for the  filter is justified.  You can also click on the Users Tab and Account View. From here you can select the user to see their quarantine Inbox and manage their whitelists if necessary.      If you click on Edit Account of the user you search for, you will see the following and can deliver, whitelist or Delete which is self-explanatory. From the Preferences Tab, you can  Whitelist/Blocklist, manage the quarantine settings or spam settings for the user at an individual level.  For the most part, you will be managing the whitelist/blacklists. From that  screen you can manually add the e-mail address/domains as necessary to the user's quarantine box. Don't modify the other settings as it may affect how much more spam the user's  mailbox might receive.            Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:32 AM Logging In 1.) Open a web browser and go to https://filelocker.berkadia.com 2.) 3.) Log in with your Berkadia User ID and Password Please DO NOT include gmaccm\ in your user name The first time you access FileLocker, the following Terms of Service page will appear. Please be  sure to read through the entire agreement before selecting I Agree.    ","[72, 0, 66, 698]","[753, 763]","Spam Filter Spam Filter Spam Filter Spam Filter Spam Filter Spam Filter Spam Filter Spam Filter Spam Filter Spam Filter   Thursday, December 13, 2012 12:01 PM To access the Barracuda Spam filter, Please visit and  save this link: https://quarantine1.berkadia.com/ - OR - https://quarantine2.berkadia.com/ Login using your Berkadia email address and network  password    By default, you’ll see the Quarantine Inbox tab….Click  Preferences up top. You’ll want to add the Spanish  emails and any other undesirable emails in this list  below (Block list)      To add an entire domain just enter Domain.com or  User@<Domain.com> Examples: imagenescargadas.com      bademail.com      User@bademail.com Click on the Quarantine settings to manage email alerts  from Barracuda containing quarantine reports. Be sure  save your changes using the button on the top right of       save your changes using the button on the top right of  your screen.      Spam Troubleshooting lunedì 20 giugno 2016 09:13 This document will give a quick flow of how to diagnose issues with mailflow to the barracuda, which can give you an understa nding to relay information to the user or  escalate. Just remember all External e-mail comes through the barracuda first. So if a user complains about not receiving external e -mail and it doesn't show up in the  barracuda message logs, that means it never reached here at all.  I've attached a sample screenshot with various e-mails to help visualize this. Here's a listing of typical reasons for actions applied to e -mail messages found in the message log.  Blocked, Allowed, Whitelisted, Quarantined. These actions are pretty self-explanatory. However, if an e-mail is blocked or quarantined it is up to you to determine  whether is legit and if so, to notify the user and possibly deliver/whitelist the e -mail depending on the legitimacy of the e-mail or the reason for blocked action. Here is a list of typical blocked or quarantined reasons of e -mail and actions you should typically do when encountering e -mail with said reasons.  Score: All e-mail has a Spam Score assigned to it by the barracuda. For the most part, e -mails that contain content that are possibly considered spam will have higher  scores. Typical reasons are embedded links, lots of spam keywords or just a bunch of pictures. As of today 6/20/2016, any e -mail of a score of 8.0 or above will be  blocked, and 2.0-7.9 will be quarantined.  External Blacklists: As you can see by the above screenshot, external blacklists shows up as a blocked reason. These blacklists are basically a gr oup of organizations  which relay information to each other about known spammers to help the other organizations if spam gets through. You can chec k these by looking up blacklists in  google., I personally use mxtoolbox.com for example. Typically an e -mail domain that is blacklisted is probably a valid reason why the barracuda is blocking said e -mail  from the domain. In the below example, berkadia.com, it is not listed on any of the blacklists so email should be delivered p roperly. However, when I search for  03powder4u.com, it is listed by various blacklist locations.       Intent Block List: As a note, barracuda maintains its own type of blacklist as well called the Barracuda intent block list. You can search for d omains in here as well, which  may be considered spam-happy by barracuda appliances. You can reach this by going to  http://barracudacentral.org/lookups/lookup-reputation In this example, I put barbat1.com and it showed up as on the list, however berkadia.com did not. If a domain is on this list , it is likely that e-mail from that domain will  be considered spam on the barracuda, and the domain owners have to contact intent@barracuda.com to remove themselves from sai d list. SPF Records: are a type of DNS record that is placed on the domain to ensure valid ip's can send on behalf of that domain. For example, suppose an organization  has multiple e-mail servers across the globe, the SPF record would contain the names/ip's of said servers to prove they are valid e-mail senders. So in the follwing  example, magna.in is failing because the barracuda states that its SPF record does not list the source IP as valid. We can confirm this by looking at the SPF record.  As shown by the second screenshot below, the list of the IP's or locations in the spf record do not match the quarantined e-mails source IP. This means one of two  things. A) the e-mail domain has a rogue e-mail server or someone is spoofing their e-mail. B)The location and e-mail is legitimate, and the IT department of said  domain has made an oversight and forgot to add those IP's into their SPF record. As a rule of thumb, always assume it is the first reason, and if possible notify the  IT department of said domain to update their record. If the e-mail is legit, you can still whitelist this manually, and so can the users to override them from being  quarantined, but maintain a sense of caution when doing this.      ZeroHour Intent: Typically this is just explaining that the e-mail may contain a zero-day virus that the barracuda is blocking. Don't deliver these unless you're 100%  certain it’s a false positive. Sender : Most of these e-mails will not have a return address, which is why the e-mail is blocked. Don't deliver or whitelist these. Virus: Self Explanatory. Don't deliver or whitelist these unless you're sure it’s a false positive. Invalid Recipient: Self-Explanatory, the user doesn't exist in our mail organization, hence the e-mail is blocked. Delivering these e-mails won't work because there  is no user anyway that it could be delivered to.      Barracuda Introduction lunedì 20 giugno 2016 08:57 The barracuda spam filter enables you to see the message logs of external e-mail entering the enterprise, and gives you the ability to help users manage their quarantines.  To begin, you can login via any web browser to https://quarantine1.berkadia.com or https://quarantine2.berkadia.com 1. Login with your -adm account @berkadia.com (so for example, my login would be alopez -adm@berkadia.com) Once logged in, you will see the list of external domains that the barracuda has access to (see below). For the vast majority of tickets, these e-mails will be in berkadia.com, therefore  click on ""manage domain"" Once inside the domain manager, you'll see a basic overview of e-mail statistics. Click on Message Log.      Since the vast majority of tickets involve detailing why a user received spam, or why a message was blocked, you can search here based off of the user's request. Since we do not use  the barracuda for outgoing mail, disregard any searches for outgoing mail. Instead, make sure the tab is set to Inbound. The filter can then corral the e-mails at the request of the user.  So for example, suppose a user says no users aren't receiving e-mail from an e-mail domain called magna.in. Since multiple users are involved, you should search for incoming e-mail  from the domain name magna.in The below screenshot shows how to do so. As you can see by the screenshot, the reason all these e-mails are failing is because of an SPF fail. You can  peruse the Spam Troubleshooting section to get more information about common mailflow issues and how to verify if mailflow is being blocked due to a legit reason. From this window, you can select the e-mail with the checkbox and ""deliver"" the e-mail to the user's mailbox if need be. As a rule of thumb, don't deliver the e-mail if the reason for the  filter is justified.  You can also click on the Users Tab and Account View. From here you can select the user to see their quarantine Inbox and manage their whitelists if necessary.      If you click on Edit Account of the user you search for, you will see the following and can deliver, whitelist or Delete which is self-explanatory. From the Preferences Tab, you can  Whitelist/Blocklist, manage the quarantine settings or spam settings for the user at an individual level.  For the most part, you will be managing the whitelist/blacklists. From that  screen you can manually add the e-mail address/domains as necessary to the user's quarantine box. Don't modify the other settings as it may affect how much more spam the user's  mailbox might receive.            Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:32 AM Logging In 1.) Open a web browser and go to https://filelocker.berkadia.com 2.) 3.) Log in with your Berkadia User ID and Password Please DO NOT include gmaccm\ in your user name The first time you access FileLocker, the following Terms of Service page will appear. Please be  sure to read through the entire agreement before selecting I Agree.    ","spam filter spam filter spam filter spam filter spam filter spam filter spam filter spam filter spam filter spam filter thursday, december 13, 2012 12:01 pm access barracuda spam filter, please visit save link: https://quarantine1.berkadia.com/ - - https://quarantine2.berkadia.com/ login use berkadia email address network password default, you’ll see quarantine inbox tab….click preferences top. you’ll want add spanish email undesirable email list (block list) add entire domain enter domain.com user@<domain.com> examples: imagenescargadas.com bademail.com user@bademail.com click quarantine settings manage email alert barracuda contain quarantine reports. sure save change use button top right save change use button top right screen. spam troubleshoot lunedì 20 giugno 2016 09:13 document give quick flow diagnose issue mailflow barracuda, give understa nding relay information user escalate. remember external e-mail come barracuda first. user complain receive external e -mail show barracuda message logs, mean never reach all. i've attach sample screenshot various e-mail help visualize this. here's list typical reason action apply e -mail message find message log. blocked, allowed, whitelisted, quarantined. action pretty self-explanatory. however, e-mail block quarantine determine whether legit so, notify user possibly deliver/whitelist e -mail depend legitimacy e-mail reason block action. list typical block quarantine reason e -mail action typically encounter e -mail say reasons. score: e-mail spam score assign barracuda. part, e -mails contain content possibly consider spam higher scores. typical reason embed links, lot spam keywords bunch pictures. today 6/20/2016, e -mail score 8.0 blocked, 2.0-7.9 quarantined. external blacklists: see screenshot, external blacklist show block reason. blacklist basically gr oup organizations relay information know spammers help organizations spam get through. chec k look blacklist google., personally use mxtoolbox.com example. typically e -mail domain blacklist probably valid reason barracuda block say e -mail domain. example, berkadia.com, list blacklist email deliver p roperly. however, search 03powder4u.com, list various blacklist locations. intent block list: note, barracuda maintain type blacklist well call barracuda intent block list. search omains well, may consider spam-happy barracuda appliances. reach go http://barracudacentral.org/lookups/lookup-reputation example, put barbat1.com show list, however berkadia.com not. domain list , likely e-mail domain consider spam barracuda, domain owners contact intent@barracuda.com remove sai list. spf records: type dns record place domain ensure valid ip's send behalf domain. example, suppose organization multiple e-mail servers across globe, spf record would contain names/ip's say servers prove valid e-mail senders. follwing example, magna.in fail barracuda state spf record list source ip valid. confirm look spf record. show second screenshot below, list ip's locations spf record match quarantine e-mail source ip. mean one two things. a) e-mail domain rogue e-mail server someone spoof e-mail. b)the location e-mail legitimate, department say domain make oversight forget add ip's spf record. rule thumb, always assume first reason, possible notify department say domain update record. e-mail legit, still whitelist manually, users override quarantined, maintain sense caution this. zerohour intent: typically explain e-mail may contain zero-day virus barracuda blocking. deliver unless 100% certain it’s false positive. sender : e-mail return address, e-mail blocked. deliver whitelist these. virus: self explanatory. deliver whitelist unless sure it’s false positive. invalid recipient: self-explanatory, user exist mail organization, hence e-mail blocked. deliver e-mail work user anyway could deliver to. barracuda introduction lunedì 20 giugno 2016 08:57 barracuda spam filter enable see message log external e-mail enter enterprise, give ability help users manage quarantines. begin, login via web browser https://quarantine1.berkadia.com https://quarantine2.berkadia.com 1. login -adm account @berkadia.com (so example, login would alopez -adm@berkadia.com) log in, see list external domains barracuda access (see below). vast majority tickets, e-mail berkadia.com, therefore click ""manage domain"" inside domain manager, see basic overview e-mail statistics. click message log. since vast majority ticket involve detail user receive spam, message blocked, search base user's request. since use barracuda outgo mail, disregard search outgo mail. instead, make sure tab set inbound. filter corral e-mail request user. example, suppose user say users receive e-mail e-mail domain call magna.in. since multiple users involved, search incoming e-mail domain name magna.in screenshot show so. see screenshot, reason e-mail fail spf fail. peruse spam troubleshoot section get information common mailflow issue verify mailflow block due legit reason. window, select e-mail checkbox ""deliver"" e-mail user's mailbox need be. rule thumb, deliver e-mail reason filter justified. also click users tab account view. select user see quarantine inbox manage whitelists necessary. click edit account user search for, see follow deliver, whitelist delete self-explanatory. preferences tab, whitelist/blocklist, manage quarantine settings spam settings user individual level. part, manage whitelist/blacklists. screen manually add e-mail address/domains necessary user's quarantine box. modify settings may affect much spam user's mailbox might receive. thursday, december 13, 2012 11:32 log 1.) open web browser go https://filelocker.berkadia.com 2.) 3.) log berkadia user id password please include gmaccm\ user name first time access filelocker, follow term service page appear. please sure read entire agreement select agree.","Spam Filter Spam Filter   Thursday, December 13, 2012 12:01 PM To access the Barracuda Spam filter, Please visit and  save this link: https://quarantine1.berkadia.com/ - OR - https://quarantine2.berkadia.com/ Login using your Berkadia email address and network  password    By default, you’ll see the Quarantine Inbox tab….Click  Preferences up top. You’ll want to add the Spanish  emails and any other undesirable emails in this list  below (Block list)      To add an entire domain just enter Domain.com or  User@<Domain.com> Examples: imagenescargadas.com      bademail.com      User@bademail.com Click on the Quarantine settings to manage email alerts  from Barracuda containing quarantine reports. Be sure  save your changes using the button on the top right of       save your changes using the button on the top right of  your screen.      Spam Troubleshooting lunedì 20 giugno 2016 09:13 This document will give a quick flow of how to diagnose issues with mailflow to the barracuda, which can give you an understa nding to relay information to the user or  escalate. Just remember all External e-mail comes through the barracuda first. So if a user complains about not receiving external e -mail and it doesn't show up in the  barracuda message logs, that means it never reached here at all.  I've attached a sample screenshot with various e-mails to help visualize this. Here's a listing of typical reasons for actions applied to e -mail messages found in the message log.  Blocked, Allowed, Whitelisted, Quarantined. These actions are pretty self-explanatory. However, if an e-mail is blocked or quarantined it is up to you to determine  whether is legit and if so, to notify the user and possibly deliver/whitelist the e -mail depending on the legitimacy of the e-mail or the reason for blocked action. Here is a list of typical blocked or quarantined reasons of e -mail and actions you should typically do when encountering e -mail with said reasons.  Score: All e-mail has a Spam Score assigned to it by the barracuda. For the most part, e -mails that contain content that are possibly considered spam will have higher  scores. Typical reasons are embedded links, lots of spam keywords or just a bunch of pictures. As of today 6/20/2016, any e -mail of a score of 8.0 or above will be  blocked, and 2.0-7.9 will be quarantined.  External Blacklists: As you can see by the above screenshot, external blacklists shows up as a blocked reason. These blacklists are basically a gr oup of organizations  which relay information to each other about known spammers to help the other organizations if spam gets through. You can chec k these by looking up blacklists in  google., I personally use mxtoolbox.com for example. Typically an e -mail domain that is blacklisted is probably a valid reason why the barracuda is blocking said e -mail  from the domain. In the below example, berkadia.com, it is not listed on any of the blacklists so email should be delivered p roperly. However, when I search for  03powder4u.com, it is listed by various blacklist locations.       Intent Block List: As a note, barracuda maintains its own type of blacklist as well called the Barracuda intent block list. You can search for d omains in here as well, which  may be considered spam-happy by barracuda appliances. You can reach this by going to  http://barracudacentral.org/lookups/lookup-reputation In this example, I put barbat1.com and it showed up as on the list, however berkadia.com did not. If a domain is on this list , it is likely that e-mail from that domain will  be considered spam on the barracuda, and the domain owners have to contact intent@barracuda.com to remove themselves from sai d list. SPF Records: are a type of DNS record that is placed on the domain to ensure valid ip's can send on behalf of that domain. For example, suppose an organization  has multiple e-mail servers across the globe, the SPF record would contain the names/ip's of said servers to prove they are valid e-mail senders. So in the follwing  example, magna.in is failing because the barracuda states that its SPF record does not list the source IP as valid. We can confirm this by looking at the SPF record.  As shown by the second screenshot below, the list of the IP's or locations in the spf record do not match the quarantined e-mails source IP. This means one of two  things. A) the e-mail domain has a rogue e-mail server or someone is spoofing their e-mail. B)The location and e-mail is legitimate, and the IT department of said  domain has made an oversight and forgot to add those IP's into their SPF record. As a rule of thumb, always assume it is the first reason, and if possible notify the  IT department of said domain to update their record. If the e-mail is legit, you can still whitelist this manually, and so can the users to override them from being  quarantined, but maintain a sense of caution when doing this.      ZeroHour Intent: Typically this is just explaining that the e-mail may contain a zero-day virus that the barracuda is blocking. Don't deliver these unless you're 100%  certain it’s a false positive. Sender : Most of these e-mails will not have a return address, which is why the e-mail is blocked. Don't deliver or whitelist these. Virus: Self Explanatory. Don't deliver or whitelist these unless you're sure it’s a false positive. Invalid Recipient: Self-Explanatory, the user doesn't exist in our mail organization, hence the e-mail is blocked. Delivering these e-mails won't work because there  is no user anyway that it could be delivered to.      Barracuda Introduction lunedì 20 giugno 2016 08:57 The barracuda spam filter enables you to see the message logs of external e-mail entering the enterprise, and gives you the ability to help users manage their quarantines.  To begin, you can login via any web browser to https://quarantine1.berkadia.com or https://quarantine2.berkadia.com 1. Login with your -adm account @berkadia.com (so for example, my login would be alopez -adm@berkadia.com) Once logged in, you will see the list of external domains that the barracuda has access to (see below). For the vast majority of tickets, these e-mails will be in berkadia.com, therefore  click on ""manage domain"" Once inside the domain manager, you'll see a basic overview of e-mail statistics. Click on Message Log.      Since the vast majority of tickets involve detailing why a user received spam, or why a message was blocked, you can search here based off of the user's request. Since we do not use  the barracuda for outgoing mail, disregard any searches for outgoing mail. Instead, make sure the tab is set to Inbound. The filter can then corral the e-mails at the request of the user.  So for example, suppose a user says no users aren't receiving e-mail from an e-mail domain called magna.in. Since multiple users are involved, you should search for incoming e-mail  from the domain name magna.in The below screenshot shows how to do so. As you can see by the screenshot, the reason all these e-mails are failing is because of an SPF fail. You can  peruse the Spam Troubleshooting section to get more information about common mailflow issues and how to verify if mailflow is being blocked due to a legit reason. From this window, you can select the e-mail with the checkbox and ""deliver"" the e-mail to the user's mailbox if need be. As a rule of thumb, don't deliver the e-mail if the reason for the  filter is justified.  You can also click on the Users Tab and Account View. From here you can select the user to see their quarantine Inbox and manage their whitelists if necessary.      If you click on Edit Account of the user you search for, you will see the following and can deliver, whitelist or Delete which is self-explanatory. From the Preferences Tab, you can  Whitelist/Blocklist, manage the quarantine settings or spam settings for the user at an individual level.  For the most part, you will be managing the whitelist/blacklists. From that  screen you can manually add the e-mail address/domains as necessary to the user's quarantine box. Don't modify the other settings as it may affect how much more spam the user's  mailbox might receive.            Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:32 AM Logging In 1.) Open a web browser and go to https://filelocker.berkadia.com 2.) 3.) Log in with your Berkadia User ID and Password Please DO NOT include gmaccm\ in your user name The first time you access FileLocker, the following Terms of Service page will appear. Please be  sure to read through the entire agreement before selecting I Agree.    ","spam filter spam filter thursday, december 13, 2012 12:01 pm access barracuda spam filter, please visit save link: https://quarantine1.berkadia.com/ - - https://quarantine2.berkadia.com/ login use berkadia email address network password default, you’ll see quarantine inbox tab….click preferences top. you’ll want add spanish email undesirable email list (block list) add entire domain enter domain.com user@<domain.com> examples: imagenescargadas.com bademail.com user@bademail.com click quarantine settings manage email alert barracuda contain quarantine reports. sure save change use button top right save change use button top right screen. spam troubleshoot lunedì 20 giugno 2016 09:13 document give quick flow diagnose issue mailflow barracuda, give understa nding relay information user escalate. remember external e-mail come barracuda first. user complain receive external e -mail show barracuda message logs, mean never reach all. i've attach sample screenshot various e-mail help visualize this. here's list typical reason action apply e -mail message find message log. blocked, allowed, whitelisted, quarantined. action pretty self-explanatory. however, e-mail block quarantine determine whether legit so, notify user possibly deliver/whitelist e -mail depend legitimacy e-mail reason block action. list typical block quarantine reason e -mail action typically encounter e -mail say reasons. score: e-mail spam score assign barracuda. part, e -mails contain content possibly consider spam higher scores. typical reason embed links, lot spam keywords bunch pictures. today 6/20/2016, e -mail score 8.0 blocked, 2.0-7.9 quarantined. external blacklists: see screenshot, external blacklist show block reason. blacklist basically gr oup organizations relay information know spammers help organizations spam get through. chec k look blacklist google., personally use mxtoolbox.com example. typically e -mail domain blacklist probably valid reason barracuda block say e -mail domain. example, berkadia.com, list blacklist email deliver p roperly. however, search 03powder4u.com, list various blacklist locations. intent block list: note, barracuda maintain type blacklist well call barracuda intent block list. search omains well, may consider spam-happy barracuda appliances. reach go http://barracudacentral.org/lookups/lookup-reputation example, put barbat1.com show list, however berkadia.com not. domain list , likely e-mail domain consider spam barracuda, domain owners contact intent@barracuda.com remove sai list. spf records: type dns record place domain ensure valid ip's send behalf domain. example, suppose organization multiple e-mail servers across globe, spf record would contain names/ip's say servers prove valid e-mail senders. follwing example, magna.in fail barracuda state spf record list source ip valid. confirm look spf record. show second screenshot below, list ip's locations spf record match quarantine e-mail source ip. mean one two things. a) e-mail domain rogue e-mail server someone spoof e-mail. b)the location e-mail legitimate, department say domain make oversight forget add ip's spf record. rule thumb, always assume first reason, possible notify department say domain update record. e-mail legit, still whitelist manually, users override quarantined, maintain sense caution this. zerohour intent: typically explain e-mail may contain zero-day virus barracuda blocking. deliver unless 100% certain it’s false positive. sender : e-mail return address, e-mail blocked. deliver whitelist these. virus: self explanatory. deliver whitelist unless sure it’s false positive. invalid recipient: self-explanatory, user exist mail organization, hence e-mail blocked. deliver e-mail work user anyway could deliver to. barracuda introduction lunedì 20 giugno 2016 08:57 barracuda spam filter enable see message log external e-mail enter enterprise, give ability help users manage quarantines. begin, login via web browser https://quarantine1.berkadia.com https://quarantine2.berkadia.com 1. login -adm account @berkadia.com (so example, login would alopez -adm@berkadia.com) log in, see list external domains barracuda access (see below). vast majority tickets, e-mail berkadia.com, therefore click ""manage domain"" inside domain manager, see basic overview e-mail statistics. click message log. since vast majority ticket involve detail user receive spam, message blocked, search base user's request. since use barracuda outgo mail, disregard search outgo mail. instead, make sure tab set inbound. filter corral e-mail request user. example, suppose user say users receive e-mail e-mail domain call magna.in. since multiple users involved, search incoming e-mail domain name magna.in screenshot show so. see screenshot, reason e-mail fail spf fail. peruse spam troubleshoot section get information common mailflow issue verify mailflow block due legit reason. window, select e-mail checkbox ""deliver"" e-mail user's mailbox need be. rule thumb, deliver e-mail reason filter justified. also click users tab account view. select user see quarantine inbox manage whitelists necessary. click edit account user search for, see follow deliver, whitelist delete self-explanatory. preferences tab, whitelist/blocklist, manage quarantine settings spam settings user individual level. part, manage whitelist/blacklists. screen manually add e-mail address/domains necessary user's quarantine box. modify settings may affect much spam user's mailbox might receive. thursday, december 13, 2012 11:32 log 1.) open web browser go https://filelocker.berkadia.com 2.) 3.) log berkadia user id password please include gmaccm\ user name first time access filelocker, follow term service page appear. please sure read entire agreement select agree."
410,Standing Desks," Monday, December 12, 2016 1:21 PM Every single office and cube in Denver comes with a desk that has a motor that moves it up and  down, which means everyone gets a standing desk! When they raise the desks the cords pull the  power strips off the floor and everything looks extremely ghetto. They are going to work with  Facilities and the furniture people to get the wire management under control. In the offices the furniture people installed 4 plug power strips and then pushed the desks against  the wall so we can't get to the outlets. Two plugs are already taken up by the desk light and the  standing desk, so in each office we had to plug a power strip in to the power strip so we could plug  in the two monitors, computer, headset, etc.                             ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[1005, 1010]","Standing Desks Standing Desks Standing Desks Standing Desks Standing Desks Standing Desks Standing Desks Standing Desks Standing Desks Standing Desks   Monday, December 12, 2016 1:21 PM Every single office and cube in Denver comes with a desk that has a motor that moves it up and  down, which means everyone gets a standing desk! When they raise the desks the cords pull the  power strips off the floor and everything looks extremely ghetto. They are going to work with  Facilities and the furniture people to get the wire management under control. In the offices the furniture people installed 4 plug power strips and then pushed the desks against  the wall so we can't get to the outlets. Two plugs are already taken up by the desk light and the  standing desk, so in each office we had to plug a power strip in to the power strip so we could plug  in the two monitors, computer, headset, etc.                             ","stand desks stand desks stand desks stand desks stand desks stand desks stand desks stand desks stand desks stand desks monday, december 12, 2016 1:21 pm every single office cube denver come desk motor move down, mean everyone get stand desk! raise desks cord pull power strip floor everything look extremely ghetto. go work facilities furniture people get wire management control. offices furniture people instal 4 plug power strip push desks wall can't get outlets. two plug already take desk light stand desk, office plug power strip power strip could plug two monitors, computer, headset, etc.","Standing Desks Standing Desks   Monday, December 12, 2016 1:21 PM Every single office and cube in Denver comes with a desk that has a motor that moves it up and  down, which means everyone gets a standing desk! When they raise the desks the cords pull the  power strips off the floor and everything looks extremely ghetto. They are going to work with  Facilities and the furniture people to get the wire management under control. In the offices the furniture people installed 4 plug power strips and then pushed the desks against  the wall so we can't get to the outlets. Two plugs are already taken up by the desk light and the  standing desk, so in each office we had to plug a power strip in to the power strip so we could plug  in the two monitors, computer, headset, etc.                             ","stand desks stand desks monday, december 12, 2016 1:21 pm every single office cube denver come desk motor move down, mean everyone get stand desk! raise desks cord pull power strip floor everything look extremely ghetto. go work facilities furniture people get wire management control. offices furniture people instal 4 plug power strip push desks wall can't get outlets. two plug already take desk light stand desk, office plug power strip power strip could plug two monitors, computer, headset, etc."
411,Standing desks," Tuesday, February 28, 2017 2:11 PM All offices come with a standing desk (a small table). There is also a fixed desk in each office.  Workstations (aka cubes) DO NOT have standing desks. All desks have monitor arms.                st         ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[900, 904]","Standing desks Standing desks Standing desks Standing desks Standing desks Standing desks Standing desks Standing desks Standing desks Standing desks   Tuesday, February 28, 2017 2:11 PM All offices come with a standing desk (a small table). There is also a fixed desk in each office.  Workstations (aka cubes) DO NOT have standing desks. All desks have monitor arms.                st         ","stand desks stand desks stand desks stand desks stand desks stand desks stand desks stand desks stand desks stand desks tuesday, february 28, 2017 2:11 pm offices come stand desk (a small table). also fix desk office. workstations (aka cubes) stand desks. desks monitor arms. st","Standing desks Standing desks   Tuesday, February 28, 2017 2:11 PM All offices come with a standing desk (a small table). There is also a fixed desk in each office.  Workstations (aka cubes) DO NOT have standing desks. All desks have monitor arms.                st         ","stand desks stand desks tuesday, february 28, 2017 2:11 pm offices come stand desk (a small table). also fix desk office. workstations (aka cubes) stand desks. desks monitor arms. st"
412,StarTech USB Type C Dock," Friday, June 1, 2018 2:40 PM Currently we are using these dock for the x360 1020 laptops (Windows) and the Macbook Pro 2017  (OSX) Software for Windows is located at \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\StartechUSBCdock Windows Installatio... FAQs              ","[64, 2, 64, 778]","[1286, 1288]","StarTech USB Type C Dock StarTech USB Type C Dock StarTech USB Type C Dock StarTech USB Type C Dock StarTech USB Type C Dock StarTech USB Type C Dock StarTech USB Type C Dock StarTech USB Type C Dock StarTech USB Type C Dock StarTech USB Type C Dock   Friday, June 1, 2018 2:40 PM Currently we are using these dock for the x360 1020 laptops (Windows) and the Macbook Pro 2017  (OSX) Software for Windows is located at \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\StartechUSBCdock Windows Installatio... FAQs              ","startech usb type c dock startech usb type c dock startech usb type c dock startech usb type c dock startech usb type c dock startech usb type c dock startech usb type c dock startech usb type c dock startech usb type c dock startech usb type c dock friday, june 1, 2018 2:40 pm currently use dock x360 1020 laptops (windows) macbook pro 2017 (osx) software windows locate \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\startechusbcdock windows installatio... faqs","StarTech USB Type C Dock StarTech USB Type C Dock   Friday, June 1, 2018 2:40 PM Currently we are using these dock for the x360 1020 laptops (Windows) and the Macbook Pro 2017  (OSX) Software for Windows is located at \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\StartechUSBCdock Windows Installatio... FAQs              ","startech usb type c dock startech usb type c dock friday, june 1, 2018 2:40 pm currently use dock x360 1020 laptops (windows) macbook pro 2017 (osx) software windows locate \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\startechusbcdock windows installatio... faqs"
413,Start Outlook in Systray," Monday, December 10, 2012 2:24 PM HOW TO START OUTLOOK IN THE SYSTRAY 1. START | RUN | REGEDIT | OK Locate the following key  HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Microsoft\Office\10.0\Outlook\Preferences Create a new DWORD key with the name MinToTray and in the Value data box type 1. Exit the Registry and restart Outlook     ","[72, 0, 266, 779]",[332],"Start Outlook in Systray Start Outlook in Systray Start Outlook in Systray Start Outlook in Systray Start Outlook in Systray Start Outlook in Systray Start Outlook in Systray Start Outlook in Systray Start Outlook in Systray Start Outlook in Systray   Monday, December 10, 2012 2:24 PM HOW TO START OUTLOOK IN THE SYSTRAY 1. START | RUN | REGEDIT | OK Locate the following key  HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Microsoft\Office\10.0\Outlook\Preferences Create a new DWORD key with the name MinToTray and in the Value data box type 1. Exit the Registry and restart Outlook     ","start outlook systray start outlook systray start outlook systray start outlook systray start outlook systray start outlook systray start outlook systray start outlook systray start outlook systray start outlook systray monday, december 10, 2012 2:24 pm start outlook systray 1. start | run | regedit | ok locate follow key hkey_current_user\software\microsoft\office\10.0\outlook\preferences create new dword key name mintotray value data box type 1. exit registry restart outlook","Start Outlook in Systray Start Outlook in Systray   Monday, December 10, 2012 2:24 PM HOW TO START OUTLOOK IN THE SYSTRAY 1. START | RUN | REGEDIT | OK Locate the following key  HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Microsoft\Office\10.0\Outlook\Preferences Create a new DWORD key with the name MinToTray and in the Value data box type 1. Exit the Registry and restart Outlook     ","start outlook systray start outlook systray monday, december 10, 2012 2:24 pm start outlook systray 1. start | run | regedit | ok locate follow key hkey_current_user\software\microsoft\office\10.0\outlook\preferences create new dword key name mintotray value data box type 1. exit registry restart outlook"
414,Start Up Keys," Friday, January 16, 2015 12:25 PM Hold the 'x' key during startup. This will force the Mac to boot from OS X, no matter which disk is  specified as the startup disk. Hold the 'c' key during startup to boot from a bootable CD or DVD, or USB Flash drive. Hold the 'n' key during startup to boot from a networked computer that has a NetBoot volume. Hold the 't' key during startup to boot in Target Disk Mode. This mode lets you use any Mac with a  FireWire or Thunderbolt port as the source for your bootup system.  Hold the 'd' key during startup. Boot up using the AHT (Apple Hardware Test). Hold the option key during startup. The OS X startup manager will appear, allowing you to select a  disk to boot from. Hold the shift key during startup. This will boot your computer in Safe Mode. Safe Mode disables  login items and non-essential kernel extensions from starting up. Hold the command + r keys during startup. This will cause your Mac to use the Recovery HD partition, which will allow you to restore OS X, or use various utilities to troubleshoot your Mac. Hold the Command + Option + 'r' during startup. Your Mac will boot from the Internet using Apple  servers. A specialized version of OS X will be run that includes a small suite of utilities, including Disk  Utility and the ability to download and install OS X, or to restore from a Time Machine backup. Hold Command + 'v' during startup The command key is the key with the cloverleaf symbol. This  shortcut will boot your Mac in Verbose Mode, with descriptive text sent to the display during the  startup process.  Hold Command + 's' during startup. This shortcut will boot your Mac in Single-User Mode, a special  mode used for troubleshooting and repairing complex hard drive issues. Hold down the mouse's primary key during startup. On a two- or three-button mouse, the primary  key is usually the left button. This shortcut will eject a CD or DVD from the optical drive. Hold Command + Option + 'p' + 'r' during startup. This zaps the PRAM (Parameter RAM), an option  that long-time Mac users will remember. Press and hold the key combination until you hear the  second set of chimes. Zapping the PRAM returns it to its default configuration for display and video  settings, time and date settings, speaker volume, and DVD region settings.    ","[72, 0, 170, 779]",[585],"Start Up Keys Start Up Keys Start Up Keys Start Up Keys Start Up Keys Start Up Keys Start Up Keys Start Up Keys Start Up Keys Start Up Keys   Friday, January 16, 2015 12:25 PM Hold the 'x' key during startup. This will force the Mac to boot from OS X, no matter which disk is  specified as the startup disk. Hold the 'c' key during startup to boot from a bootable CD or DVD, or USB Flash drive. Hold the 'n' key during startup to boot from a networked computer that has a NetBoot volume. Hold the 't' key during startup to boot in Target Disk Mode. This mode lets you use any Mac with a  FireWire or Thunderbolt port as the source for your bootup system.  Hold the 'd' key during startup. Boot up using the AHT (Apple Hardware Test). Hold the option key during startup. The OS X startup manager will appear, allowing you to select a  disk to boot from. Hold the shift key during startup. This will boot your computer in Safe Mode. Safe Mode disables  login items and non-essential kernel extensions from starting up. Hold the command + r keys during startup. This will cause your Mac to use the Recovery HD partition, which will allow you to restore OS X, or use various utilities to troubleshoot your Mac. Hold the Command + Option + 'r' during startup. Your Mac will boot from the Internet using Apple  servers. A specialized version of OS X will be run that includes a small suite of utilities, including Disk  Utility and the ability to download and install OS X, or to restore from a Time Machine backup. Hold Command + 'v' during startup The command key is the key with the cloverleaf symbol. This  shortcut will boot your Mac in Verbose Mode, with descriptive text sent to the display during the  startup process.  Hold Command + 's' during startup. This shortcut will boot your Mac in Single-User Mode, a special  mode used for troubleshooting and repairing complex hard drive issues. Hold down the mouse's primary key during startup. On a two- or three-button mouse, the primary  key is usually the left button. This shortcut will eject a CD or DVD from the optical drive. Hold Command + Option + 'p' + 'r' during startup. This zaps the PRAM (Parameter RAM), an option  that long-time Mac users will remember. Press and hold the key combination until you hear the  second set of chimes. Zapping the PRAM returns it to its default configuration for display and video  settings, time and date settings, speaker volume, and DVD region settings.    ","start key start key start key start key start key start key start key start key start key start key friday, january 16, 2015 12:25 pm hold 'x' key startup. force mac boot os x, matter disk specify startup disk. hold 'c' key startup boot bootable cd dvd, usb flash drive. hold 'n' key startup boot network computer netboot volume. hold 't' key startup boot target disk mode. mode let use mac firewire thunderbolt port source bootup system. hold 'd' key startup. boot use aht (apple hardware test). hold option key startup. os x startup manager appear, allow select disk boot from. hold shift key startup. boot computer safe mode. safe mode disable login items non-essential kernel extensions start up. hold command + r key startup. cause mac use recovery hd partition, allow restore os x, use various utilities troubleshoot mac. hold command + option + 'r' startup. mac boot internet use apple servers. specialize version os x run include small suite utilities, include disk utility ability download install os x, restore time machine backup. hold command + 'v' startup command key key cloverleaf symbol. shortcut boot mac verbose mode, descriptive text send display startup process. hold command + 's' startup. shortcut boot mac single-user mode, special mode use troubleshoot repair complex hard drive issues. hold mouse's primary key startup. two- three-button mouse, primary key usually leave button. shortcut eject cd dvd optical drive. hold command + option + 'p' + 'r' startup. zap pram (parameter ram), option long-time mac users remember. press hold key combination hear second set chimes. zap pram return default configuration display video settings, time date settings, speaker volume, dvd region settings.","Start Up Keys Start Up Keys   Friday, January 16, 2015 12:25 PM Hold the 'x' key during startup. This will force the Mac to boot from OS X, no matter which disk is  specified as the startup disk. Hold the 'c' key during startup to boot from a bootable CD or DVD, or USB Flash drive. Hold the 'n' key during startup to boot from a networked computer that has a NetBoot volume. Hold the 't' key during startup to boot in Target Disk Mode. This mode lets you use any Mac with a  FireWire or Thunderbolt port as the source for your bootup system.  Hold the 'd' key during startup. Boot up using the AHT (Apple Hardware Test). Hold the option key during startup. The OS X startup manager will appear, allowing you to select a  disk to boot from. Hold the shift key during startup. This will boot your computer in Safe Mode. Safe Mode disables  login items and non-essential kernel extensions from starting up. Hold the command + r keys during startup. This will cause your Mac to use the Recovery HD partition, which will allow you to restore OS X, or use various utilities to troubleshoot your Mac. Hold the Command + Option + 'r' during startup. Your Mac will boot from the Internet using Apple  servers. A specialized version of OS X will be run that includes a small suite of utilities, including Disk  Utility and the ability to download and install OS X, or to restore from a Time Machine backup. Hold Command + 'v' during startup The command key is the key with the cloverleaf symbol. This  shortcut will boot your Mac in Verbose Mode, with descriptive text sent to the display during the  startup process.  Hold Command + 's' during startup. This shortcut will boot your Mac in Single-User Mode, a special  mode used for troubleshooting and repairing complex hard drive issues. Hold down the mouse's primary key during startup. On a two- or three-button mouse, the primary  key is usually the left button. This shortcut will eject a CD or DVD from the optical drive. Hold Command + Option + 'p' + 'r' during startup. This zaps the PRAM (Parameter RAM), an option  that long-time Mac users will remember. Press and hold the key combination until you hear the  second set of chimes. Zapping the PRAM returns it to its default configuration for display and video  settings, time and date settings, speaker volume, and DVD region settings.    ","start key start key friday, january 16, 2015 12:25 pm hold 'x' key startup. force mac boot os x, matter disk specify startup disk. hold 'c' key startup boot bootable cd dvd, usb flash drive. hold 'n' key startup boot network computer netboot volume. hold 't' key startup boot target disk mode. mode let use mac firewire thunderbolt port source bootup system. hold 'd' key startup. boot use aht (apple hardware test). hold option key startup. os x startup manager appear, allow select disk boot from. hold shift key startup. boot computer safe mode. safe mode disable login items non-essential kernel extensions start up. hold command + r key startup. cause mac use recovery hd partition, allow restore os x, use various utilities troubleshoot mac. hold command + option + 'r' startup. mac boot internet use apple servers. specialize version os x run include small suite utilities, include disk utility ability download install os x, restore time machine backup. hold command + 'v' startup command key key cloverleaf symbol. shortcut boot mac verbose mode, descriptive text send display startup process. hold command + 's' startup. shortcut boot mac single-user mode, special mode use troubleshoot repair complex hard drive issues. hold mouse's primary key startup. two- three-button mouse, primary key usually leave button. shortcut eject cd dvd optical drive. hold command + option + 'p' + 'r' startup. zap pram (parameter ram), option long-time mac users remember. press hold key combination hear second set chimes. zap pram return default configuration display video settings, time date settings, speaker volume, dvd region settings."
415,Steps to disable an account due to termination," Wednesday, May 24, 2017 2:14 PM 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. Disable account in Active Directory by performing a search for the user, right-clicking on their name  and selecting “Disable Account” from the dropdown menu. Update AD description with who  requested termination, the Incident Monitor request #, today's date, and your initials. Search for personal/company devices by logging into the Mobileiron admin portal with your ADM  credentials here: https://mdm.berkadia.com/mifs/admin/vsp.html . If a personal device, retire the  device, if listed as company owned, confirm with the telecom team if the device is indeed company  owned. Reach out to the HR team to confirm if the device was turned in. Confirm with HR/the former Employee’s manager if mail forwarding, full mailbox access, H: drive  access or an auto reply are desired. Refer them here to complete the necessary security form:  https://my.berkadia.com/empfrms/Lists/TerEmpRecAcc/Corporate%20Form/newifs.aspx Search for former employee within the Exchange Management Console under Recipient  Configuration->Mailbox. Double click the user found. On the “General” tab, check the “Hide from  Exchange address lists” box, click OK. Visit https://berkadia.facebook.com/ , sign in with your account. All helpdesk member accounts  have been activated as Workplace Admins. Click Dashboard->People. Search for the former  employee’s name in the search box in the upper right hand corner. When results are displayed, click  the “Gear wheel” next to the name and select “Deactivate User.”    ","[55, 0, 233, 775]",[803],"Steps to disable an account due to termination Steps to disable an account due to termination Steps to disable an account due to termination Steps to disable an account due to termination Steps to disable an account due to termination Steps to disable an account due to termination Steps to disable an account due to termination Steps to disable an account due to termination Steps to disable an account due to termination Steps to disable an account due to termination   Wednesday, May 24, 2017 2:14 PM 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. Disable account in Active Directory by performing a search for the user, right-clicking on their name  and selecting “Disable Account” from the dropdown menu. Update AD description with who  requested termination, the Incident Monitor request #, today's date, and your initials. Search for personal/company devices by logging into the Mobileiron admin portal with your ADM  credentials here: https://mdm.berkadia.com/mifs/admin/vsp.html . If a personal device, retire the  device, if listed as company owned, confirm with the telecom team if the device is indeed company  owned. Reach out to the HR team to confirm if the device was turned in. Confirm with HR/the former Employee’s manager if mail forwarding, full mailbox access, H: drive  access or an auto reply are desired. Refer them here to complete the necessary security form:  https://my.berkadia.com/empfrms/Lists/TerEmpRecAcc/Corporate%20Form/newifs.aspx Search for former employee within the Exchange Management Console under Recipient  Configuration->Mailbox. Double click the user found. On the “General” tab, check the “Hide from  Exchange address lists” box, click OK. Visit https://berkadia.facebook.com/ , sign in with your account. All helpdesk member accounts  have been activated as Workplace Admins. Click Dashboard->People. Search for the former  employee’s name in the search box in the upper right hand corner. When results are displayed, click  the “Gear wheel” next to the name and select “Deactivate User.”    ","step disable account due termination step disable account due termination step disable account due termination step disable account due termination step disable account due termination step disable account due termination step disable account due termination step disable account due termination step disable account due termination step disable account due termination wednesday, may 24, 2017 2:14 pm 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. disable account active directory perform search user, right-clicking name select “disable account” dropdown menu. update ad description request termination, incident monitor request #, today's date, initials. search personal/company devices log mobileiron admin portal adm credentials here: https://mdm.berkadia.com/mifs/admin/vsp.html . personal device, retire device, list company owned, confirm telecom team device indeed company owned. reach hr team confirm device turn in. confirm hr/the former employee’s manager mail forwarding, full mailbox access, h: drive access auto reply desired. refer complete necessary security form: https://my.berkadia.com/empfrms/lists/teremprecacc/corporate%20form/newifs.aspx search former employee within exchange management console recipient configuration->mailbox. double click user found. “general” tab, check “hide exchange address lists” box, click ok. visit https://berkadia.facebook.com/ , sign account. helpdesk member account activate workplace admins. click dashboard->people. search former employee’s name search box upper right hand corner. result displayed, click “gear wheel” next name select “deactivate user.”","Steps to disable an account due to termination Steps to disable an account due to termination   Wednesday, May 24, 2017 2:14 PM 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. Disable account in Active Directory by performing a search for the user, right-clicking on their name  and selecting “Disable Account” from the dropdown menu. Update AD description with who  requested termination, the Incident Monitor request #, today's date, and your initials. Search for personal/company devices by logging into the Mobileiron admin portal with your ADM  credentials here: https://mdm.berkadia.com/mifs/admin/vsp.html . If a personal device, retire the  device, if listed as company owned, confirm with the telecom team if the device is indeed company  owned. Reach out to the HR team to confirm if the device was turned in. Confirm with HR/the former Employee’s manager if mail forwarding, full mailbox access, H: drive  access or an auto reply are desired. Refer them here to complete the necessary security form:  https://my.berkadia.com/empfrms/Lists/TerEmpRecAcc/Corporate%20Form/newifs.aspx Search for former employee within the Exchange Management Console under Recipient  Configuration->Mailbox. Double click the user found. On the “General” tab, check the “Hide from  Exchange address lists” box, click OK. Visit https://berkadia.facebook.com/ , sign in with your account. All helpdesk member accounts  have been activated as Workplace Admins. Click Dashboard->People. Search for the former  employee’s name in the search box in the upper right hand corner. When results are displayed, click  the “Gear wheel” next to the name and select “Deactivate User.”    ","step disable account due termination step disable account due termination wednesday, may 24, 2017 2:14 pm 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. disable account active directory perform search user, right-clicking name select “disable account” dropdown menu. update ad description request termination, incident monitor request #, today's date, initials. search personal/company devices log mobileiron admin portal adm credentials here: https://mdm.berkadia.com/mifs/admin/vsp.html . personal device, retire device, list company owned, confirm telecom team device indeed company owned. reach hr team confirm device turn in. confirm hr/the former employee’s manager mail forwarding, full mailbox access, h: drive access auto reply desired. refer complete necessary security form: https://my.berkadia.com/empfrms/lists/teremprecacc/corporate%20form/newifs.aspx search former employee within exchange management console recipient configuration->mailbox. double click user found. “general” tab, check “hide exchange address lists” box, click ok. visit https://berkadia.facebook.com/ , sign account. helpdesk member account activate workplace admins. click dashboard->people. search former employee’s name search box upper right hand corner. result displayed, click “gear wheel” next name select “deactivate user.”"
416,Strategy and/or McCracken Installation," Wednesday, February 21, 2018 3:10 PM Please note this process is not entirely automated. It will require some clicking of next and  yes. :)  1: Install IBM i Access (x64) A) B) C) D) E) \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\Scripts\IBM_Strategy_McCracken\IBM Script Part 1.cmd REBOOT COMPUTER (this has to be done) \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\Scripts\IBM_Strategy_McCracken\IBM Script Part 2.cmd REBOOT COMPUTER (again, has to be done) \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\Scripts\IBM_Strategy_McCracken\IBM Script Part 3.cmd     2: Install S104LM4M (server) Connections  \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\Scripts\IBM_Strategy_McCracken\IBM Connections  Script.cmd 3: Install StrategyCS 17 64 bit \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\Scripts\IBM_Strategy_McCracken\Strategy  Installation.cmd 4: Install McCracken SSL x64 \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\Scripts\IBM_Strategy_McCracken\McCracken SSL x64  Install Script.cmd    ","[72, 0, 198, 779]",[403],"Strategy and/or McCracken Installation Strategy and/or McCracken Installation Strategy and/or McCracken Installation Strategy and/or McCracken Installation Strategy and/or McCracken Installation Strategy and/or McCracken Installation Strategy and/or McCracken Installation Strategy and/or McCracken Installation Strategy and/or McCracken Installation Strategy and/or McCracken Installation   Wednesday, February 21, 2018 3:10 PM Please note this process is not entirely automated. It will require some clicking of next and  yes. :)  1: Install IBM i Access (x64) A) B) C) D) E) \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\Scripts\IBM_Strategy_McCracken\IBM Script Part 1.cmd REBOOT COMPUTER (this has to be done) \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\Scripts\IBM_Strategy_McCracken\IBM Script Part 2.cmd REBOOT COMPUTER (again, has to be done) \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\Scripts\IBM_Strategy_McCracken\IBM Script Part 3.cmd     2: Install S104LM4M (server) Connections  \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\Scripts\IBM_Strategy_McCracken\IBM Connections  Script.cmd 3: Install StrategyCS 17 64 bit \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\Scripts\IBM_Strategy_McCracken\Strategy  Installation.cmd 4: Install McCracken SSL x64 \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\Scripts\IBM_Strategy_McCracken\McCracken SSL x64  Install Script.cmd    ","strategy and/or mccracken installation strategy and/or mccracken installation strategy and/or mccracken installation strategy and/or mccracken installation strategy and/or mccracken installation strategy and/or mccracken installation strategy and/or mccracken installation strategy and/or mccracken installation strategy and/or mccracken installation strategy and/or mccracken installation wednesday, february 21, 2018 3:10 pm please note process entirely automated. require click next yes. :) 1: install ibm access (x64) a) b) c) d) e) \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\scripts\ibm_strategy_mccracken\ibm script part 1.cmd reboot computer (this done) \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\scripts\ibm_strategy_mccracken\ibm script part 2.cmd reboot computer (again, done) \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\scripts\ibm_strategy_mccracken\ibm script part 3.cmd 2: install s104lm4m (server) connections \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\scripts\ibm_strategy_mccracken\ibm connections script.cmd 3: install strategycs 17 64 bite \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\scripts\ibm_strategy_mccracken\strategy installation.cmd 4: install mccracken ssl x64 \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\scripts\ibm_strategy_mccracken\mccracken ssl x64 install script.cmd","Strategy and/or McCracken Installation Strategy and/or McCracken Installation   Wednesday, February 21, 2018 3:10 PM Please note this process is not entirely automated. It will require some clicking of next and  yes. :)  1: Install IBM i Access (x64) A) B) C) D) E) \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\Scripts\IBM_Strategy_McCracken\IBM Script Part 1.cmd REBOOT COMPUTER (this has to be done) \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\Scripts\IBM_Strategy_McCracken\IBM Script Part 2.cmd REBOOT COMPUTER (again, has to be done) \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\Scripts\IBM_Strategy_McCracken\IBM Script Part 3.cmd     2: Install S104LM4M (server) Connections  \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\Scripts\IBM_Strategy_McCracken\IBM Connections  Script.cmd 3: Install StrategyCS 17 64 bit \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\Scripts\IBM_Strategy_McCracken\Strategy  Installation.cmd 4: Install McCracken SSL x64 \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\Scripts\IBM_Strategy_McCracken\McCracken SSL x64  Install Script.cmd    ","strategy and/or mccracken installation strategy and/or mccracken installation wednesday, february 21, 2018 3:10 pm please note process entirely automated. require click next yes. :) 1: install ibm access (x64) a) b) c) d) e) \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\scripts\ibm_strategy_mccracken\ibm script part 1.cmd reboot computer (this done) \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\scripts\ibm_strategy_mccracken\ibm script part 2.cmd reboot computer (again, done) \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\scripts\ibm_strategy_mccracken\ibm script part 3.cmd 2: install s104lm4m (server) connections \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\scripts\ibm_strategy_mccracken\ibm connections script.cmd 3: install strategycs 17 64 bite \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\scripts\ibm_strategy_mccracken\strategy installation.cmd 4: install mccracken ssl x64 \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\scripts\ibm_strategy_mccracken\mccracken ssl x64 install script.cmd"
417,Surface Dock," Tuesday, February 28, 2017 2:49 PM         ","[67, 1, 67, 777]","[1283, 1284]","Surface Dock Surface Dock Surface Dock Surface Dock Surface Dock Surface Dock Surface Dock Surface Dock Surface Dock Surface Dock   Tuesday, February 28, 2017 2:49 PM         ","surface dock surface dock surface dock surface dock surface dock surface dock surface dock surface dock surface dock surface dock tuesday, february 28, 2017 2:49 pm","Surface Dock Surface Dock   Tuesday, February 28, 2017 2:49 PM         ","surface dock surface dock tuesday, february 28, 2017 2:49 pm"
418,Surface running Windows 10," Thursday, February 9, 2017 1:31 PM ARCHIVED - WE NO LONGER INSTALL CHECKPOINT ON MACHINES RUNNING WINDOWS 10 DRAFT - THIS IS DOCUMENTATION FOR INSTALLING CHECKPOINT ON A SURFACE THAT IS  RUNNING WINDOWS 10 IN UEFI MODE **NOTE** IF YOU ARE BUILDING A SURFACEBOOK FOR A POLARIS DEVELOPER DO NOT INSTALL  CHECKPOINT, THERE ARE KNOW ISSUES WITH CHECKPOINT ON SURFACEBOOKS AND SOFTWARE  THAT POLARIS DEVELOPERS NEED TO RUN, PLEASE SPEAK TO A DESKTOP ENGINEER BEFORE  PROCEEDING **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** VERIFY THAT BITLOCKER IS TURNED OFF. IF BITLOCKER IS ON, TURN IT OFF AND LET THE SURFACE  DECRYPT ENTIRELY BEFORE CONTINUING. VERIFY THAT WINDOWS UPDATES THAT INTERFERE WITH CHECKPOINT ARE NOT INSTALLED. Login  to Windows. Click Control Panel --> Programs --> Programs and Features --> View installed updates.  Search for the following updates and if they are installed, uninstall them: KB3216755 and  KB3213986. Restart as needed.  Shut Down the Surface. Hold down UP volume rocker [+], and while holding down press and release [POWER] button.  Continue holding down UP volume rocker [+] until Surface UEFI BIOS loads. Click Security (on the left). Set the Enable TPM slider to OFF. Click Change Configuration.      Select None and click Next.  Settings should now look like this (Secure Boot is Disabled and TPM is off)- Click Exit (on the left). Click Restart now. You will see a red line with an unlocked lock at the top, this is normal when Secure Boot is disabled. Wait for Windows to load and login. Click the Start button --> Power button --> Hold down the  [SHIFT] KEY AND WHILE HOLDING IT DOWN click Restart and restart the machine Select the “Troubleshoot” tile on the Choose an option screen that appears.      Select “Advanced options”. Click the “Startup Settings” tile. Click the “Restart” button to restart your PC into the Startup Settings screen.      Type “7” or “F7” at the Startup Settings screen to activate the “Disable driver signature  enforcement” option. Machine will boot to Windows. Login with your ADM account and proceed with the Checkpoint  installation. On the machine you are working on, copy the Checkpoint folder for Laptops from \\Gmaccm.com \applic\APPLIC\FDE_77.20\Checkpoint_R77_Clients\Windows to c:\temp Click Start --> Windows System --> Command Prompt RIGHT CLICK ON THE COMMAND PROMPT AND CHOOSE MORE --> RUN AS ADMINISTRATOR  (**NOTE** The installer MUST be run from an Administrator command prompt, if it is not run from  an Administrator command prompt it will fail.      Click Yes at the UAC prompt In the Command Prompt window input the following command and hit enter- For Laptops cd c:\temp\laptop\x64      In the command prompt window input the following command and hit enter- msiexec.exe /i eps.msi /forcerestart This will start the installer      **NOTE** The installer may look like it has stalled out, please be patient and give it a couple of  minutes to work When the installer is finished, you should see a screen that looks like this-      Click Finish and then when it asks to restart click Yes Once the system reboots login with your ADM account. In the Notification Area click on the  Checkpoint icon. You can watch the status of Checkpoint as it checks in the server and downloads its policies. You  want to see it say Waiting For Restart.      A box will appear in the bottom right hand corer of the screen. Click Yes to reboot the computer. Login to Windows and verify that Checkpoint begins the encryption process.  Shut Down the Surface. Hold down UP volume rocker [+], and while holding down press and release [POWER] button.  Continue holding down UP volume rocker [+] until Surface UEFI BIOS loads. Click Security (on the left). Set the Enable TPM slider to ON. Click Change Configuration. Select  Microsoft & 3rd Party CA. Click Next. Click Exit (on the left). Click Restart now.    ","[72, 0, 72, 751]","[1235, 1243]","Surface running Windows 10 Surface running Windows 10 Surface running Windows 10 Surface running Windows 10 Surface running Windows 10 Surface running Windows 10 Surface running Windows 10 Surface running Windows 10 Surface running Windows 10 Surface running Windows 10   Thursday, February 9, 2017 1:31 PM ARCHIVED - WE NO LONGER INSTALL CHECKPOINT ON MACHINES RUNNING WINDOWS 10 DRAFT - THIS IS DOCUMENTATION FOR INSTALLING CHECKPOINT ON A SURFACE THAT IS  RUNNING WINDOWS 10 IN UEFI MODE **NOTE** IF YOU ARE BUILDING A SURFACEBOOK FOR A POLARIS DEVELOPER DO NOT INSTALL  CHECKPOINT, THERE ARE KNOW ISSUES WITH CHECKPOINT ON SURFACEBOOKS AND SOFTWARE  THAT POLARIS DEVELOPERS NEED TO RUN, PLEASE SPEAK TO A DESKTOP ENGINEER BEFORE  PROCEEDING **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** VERIFY THAT BITLOCKER IS TURNED OFF. IF BITLOCKER IS ON, TURN IT OFF AND LET THE SURFACE  DECRYPT ENTIRELY BEFORE CONTINUING. VERIFY THAT WINDOWS UPDATES THAT INTERFERE WITH CHECKPOINT ARE NOT INSTALLED. Login  to Windows. Click Control Panel --> Programs --> Programs and Features --> View installed updates.  Search for the following updates and if they are installed, uninstall them: KB3216755 and  KB3213986. Restart as needed.  Shut Down the Surface. Hold down UP volume rocker [+], and while holding down press and release [POWER] button.  Continue holding down UP volume rocker [+] until Surface UEFI BIOS loads. Click Security (on the left). Set the Enable TPM slider to OFF. Click Change Configuration.      Select None and click Next.  Settings should now look like this (Secure Boot is Disabled and TPM is off)- Click Exit (on the left). Click Restart now. You will see a red line with an unlocked lock at the top, this is normal when Secure Boot is disabled. Wait for Windows to load and login. Click the Start button --> Power button --> Hold down the  [SHIFT] KEY AND WHILE HOLDING IT DOWN click Restart and restart the machine Select the “Troubleshoot” tile on the Choose an option screen that appears.      Select “Advanced options”. Click the “Startup Settings” tile. Click the “Restart” button to restart your PC into the Startup Settings screen.      Type “7” or “F7” at the Startup Settings screen to activate the “Disable driver signature  enforcement” option. Machine will boot to Windows. Login with your ADM account and proceed with the Checkpoint  installation. On the machine you are working on, copy the Checkpoint folder for Laptops from \\Gmaccm.com \applic\APPLIC\FDE_77.20\Checkpoint_R77_Clients\Windows to c:\temp Click Start --> Windows System --> Command Prompt RIGHT CLICK ON THE COMMAND PROMPT AND CHOOSE MORE --> RUN AS ADMINISTRATOR  (**NOTE** The installer MUST be run from an Administrator command prompt, if it is not run from  an Administrator command prompt it will fail.      Click Yes at the UAC prompt In the Command Prompt window input the following command and hit enter- For Laptops cd c:\temp\laptop\x64      In the command prompt window input the following command and hit enter- msiexec.exe /i eps.msi /forcerestart This will start the installer      **NOTE** The installer may look like it has stalled out, please be patient and give it a couple of  minutes to work When the installer is finished, you should see a screen that looks like this-      Click Finish and then when it asks to restart click Yes Once the system reboots login with your ADM account. In the Notification Area click on the  Checkpoint icon. You can watch the status of Checkpoint as it checks in the server and downloads its policies. You  want to see it say Waiting For Restart.      A box will appear in the bottom right hand corer of the screen. Click Yes to reboot the computer. Login to Windows and verify that Checkpoint begins the encryption process.  Shut Down the Surface. Hold down UP volume rocker [+], and while holding down press and release [POWER] button.  Continue holding down UP volume rocker [+] until Surface UEFI BIOS loads. Click Security (on the left). Set the Enable TPM slider to ON. Click Change Configuration. Select  Microsoft & 3rd Party CA. Click Next. Click Exit (on the left). Click Restart now.    ","surface run windows 10 surface run windows 10 surface run windows 10 surface run windows 10 surface run windows 10 surface run windows 10 surface run windows 10 surface run windows 10 surface run windows 10 surface run windows 10 thursday, february 9, 2017 1:31 pm archive - longer install checkpoint machine run windows 10 draft - documentation instal checkpoint surface run windows 10 uefi mode **note** build surfacebook polaris developer install checkpoint, know issue checkpoint surfacebooks software polaris developers need run, please speak desktop engineer proceed **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** verify bitlocker turn off. bitlocker on, turn let surface decrypt entirely continuing. verify windows update interfere checkpoint installed. login windows. click control panel --> program --> program feature --> view instal updates. search follow update installed, uninstall them: kb3216755 kb3213986. restart needed. shut surface. hold volume rocker [+], hold press release [power] button. continue hold volume rocker [+] surface uefi bios loads. click security (on left). set enable tpm slider off. click change configuration. select none click next. settings look like (secure boot disable tpm off)- click exit (on left). click restart now. see red line unlock lock top, normal secure boot disabled. wait windows load login. click start button --> power button --> hold [shift] key hold click restart restart machine select “troubleshoot” tile choose option screen appears. select “advanced options”. click “startup settings” tile. click “restart” button restart pc startup settings screen. type “7” “f7” startup settings screen activate “disable driver signature enforcement” option. machine boot windows. login adm account proceed checkpoint installation. machine work on, copy checkpoint folder laptops \\gmaccm.com \applic\applic\fde_77.20\checkpoint_r77_clients\windows c:\temp click start --> windows system --> command prompt right click command prompt choose --> run administrator (**note** installer must run administrator command prompt, run administrator command prompt fail. click yes uac prompt command prompt window input follow command hit enter- laptops cd c:\temp\laptop\x64 command prompt window input follow command hit enter- msiexec.exe /i eps.msi /forcerestart start installer **note** installer may look like stall out, please patient give couple minutes work installer finished, see screen look like this- click finish ask restart click yes system reboot login adm account. notification area click checkpoint icon. watch status checkpoint check server download policies. want see say wait restart. box appear bottom right hand corer screen. click yes reboot computer. login windows verify checkpoint begin encryption process. shut surface. hold volume rocker [+], hold press release [power] button. continue hold volume rocker [+] surface uefi bios loads. click security (on left). set enable tpm slider on. click change configuration. select microsoft & 3rd party ca. click next. click exit (on left). click restart now.","Surface running Windows 10 Surface running Windows 10   Thursday, February 9, 2017 1:31 PM ARCHIVED - WE NO LONGER INSTALL CHECKPOINT ON MACHINES RUNNING WINDOWS 10 DRAFT - THIS IS DOCUMENTATION FOR INSTALLING CHECKPOINT ON A SURFACE THAT IS  RUNNING WINDOWS 10 IN UEFI MODE **NOTE** IF YOU ARE BUILDING A SURFACEBOOK FOR A POLARIS DEVELOPER DO NOT INSTALL  CHECKPOINT, THERE ARE KNOW ISSUES WITH CHECKPOINT ON SURFACEBOOKS AND SOFTWARE  THAT POLARIS DEVELOPERS NEED TO RUN, PLEASE SPEAK TO A DESKTOP ENGINEER BEFORE  PROCEEDING **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** VERIFY THAT BITLOCKER IS TURNED OFF. IF BITLOCKER IS ON, TURN IT OFF AND LET THE SURFACE  DECRYPT ENTIRELY BEFORE CONTINUING. VERIFY THAT WINDOWS UPDATES THAT INTERFERE WITH CHECKPOINT ARE NOT INSTALLED. Login  to Windows. Click Control Panel --> Programs --> Programs and Features --> View installed updates.  Search for the following updates and if they are installed, uninstall them: KB3216755 and  KB3213986. Restart as needed.  Shut Down the Surface. Hold down UP volume rocker [+], and while holding down press and release [POWER] button.  Continue holding down UP volume rocker [+] until Surface UEFI BIOS loads. Click Security (on the left). Set the Enable TPM slider to OFF. Click Change Configuration.      Select None and click Next.  Settings should now look like this (Secure Boot is Disabled and TPM is off)- Click Exit (on the left). Click Restart now. You will see a red line with an unlocked lock at the top, this is normal when Secure Boot is disabled. Wait for Windows to load and login. Click the Start button --> Power button --> Hold down the  [SHIFT] KEY AND WHILE HOLDING IT DOWN click Restart and restart the machine Select the “Troubleshoot” tile on the Choose an option screen that appears.      Select “Advanced options”. Click the “Startup Settings” tile. Click the “Restart” button to restart your PC into the Startup Settings screen.      Type “7” or “F7” at the Startup Settings screen to activate the “Disable driver signature  enforcement” option. Machine will boot to Windows. Login with your ADM account and proceed with the Checkpoint  installation. On the machine you are working on, copy the Checkpoint folder for Laptops from \\Gmaccm.com \applic\APPLIC\FDE_77.20\Checkpoint_R77_Clients\Windows to c:\temp Click Start --> Windows System --> Command Prompt RIGHT CLICK ON THE COMMAND PROMPT AND CHOOSE MORE --> RUN AS ADMINISTRATOR  (**NOTE** The installer MUST be run from an Administrator command prompt, if it is not run from  an Administrator command prompt it will fail.      Click Yes at the UAC prompt In the Command Prompt window input the following command and hit enter- For Laptops cd c:\temp\laptop\x64      In the command prompt window input the following command and hit enter- msiexec.exe /i eps.msi /forcerestart This will start the installer      **NOTE** The installer may look like it has stalled out, please be patient and give it a couple of  minutes to work When the installer is finished, you should see a screen that looks like this-      Click Finish and then when it asks to restart click Yes Once the system reboots login with your ADM account. In the Notification Area click on the  Checkpoint icon. You can watch the status of Checkpoint as it checks in the server and downloads its policies. You  want to see it say Waiting For Restart.      A box will appear in the bottom right hand corer of the screen. Click Yes to reboot the computer. Login to Windows and verify that Checkpoint begins the encryption process.  Shut Down the Surface. Hold down UP volume rocker [+], and while holding down press and release [POWER] button.  Continue holding down UP volume rocker [+] until Surface UEFI BIOS loads. Click Security (on the left). Set the Enable TPM slider to ON. Click Change Configuration. Select  Microsoft & 3rd Party CA. Click Next. Click Exit (on the left). Click Restart now.    ","surface run windows 10 surface run windows 10 thursday, february 9, 2017 1:31 pm archive - longer install checkpoint machine run windows 10 draft - documentation instal checkpoint surface run windows 10 uefi mode **note** build surfacebook polaris developer install checkpoint, know issue checkpoint surfacebooks software polaris developers need run, please speak desktop engineer proceed **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** verify bitlocker turn off. bitlocker on, turn let surface decrypt entirely continuing. verify windows update interfere checkpoint installed. login windows. click control panel --> program --> program feature --> view instal updates. search follow update installed, uninstall them: kb3216755 kb3213986. restart needed. shut surface. hold volume rocker [+], hold press release [power] button. continue hold volume rocker [+] surface uefi bios loads. click security (on left). set enable tpm slider off. click change configuration. select none click next. settings look like (secure boot disable tpm off)- click exit (on left). click restart now. see red line unlock lock top, normal secure boot disabled. wait windows load login. click start button --> power button --> hold [shift] key hold click restart restart machine select “troubleshoot” tile choose option screen appears. select “advanced options”. click “startup settings” tile. click “restart” button restart pc startup settings screen. type “7” “f7” startup settings screen activate “disable driver signature enforcement” option. machine boot windows. login adm account proceed checkpoint installation. machine work on, copy checkpoint folder laptops \\gmaccm.com \applic\applic\fde_77.20\checkpoint_r77_clients\windows c:\temp click start --> windows system --> command prompt right click command prompt choose --> run administrator (**note** installer must run administrator command prompt, run administrator command prompt fail. click yes uac prompt command prompt window input follow command hit enter- laptops cd c:\temp\laptop\x64 command prompt window input follow command hit enter- msiexec.exe /i eps.msi /forcerestart start installer **note** installer may look like stall out, please patient give couple minutes work installer finished, see screen look like this- click finish ask restart click yes system reboot login adm account. notification area click checkpoint icon. watch status checkpoint check server download policies. want see say wait restart. box appear bottom right hand corer screen. click yes reboot computer. login windows verify checkpoint begin encryption process. shut surface. hold volume rocker [+], hold press release [power] button. continue hold volume rocker [+] surface uefi bios loads. click security (on left). set enable tpm slider on. click change configuration. select microsoft & 3rd party ca. click next. click exit (on left). click restart now."
419,Surfacebook," Tuesday, February 7, 2017 2:42 PM              ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[1280, 1282]","Surfacebook Surfacebook Surfacebook Surfacebook Surfacebook Surfacebook Surfacebook Surfacebook Surfacebook Surfacebook   Tuesday, February 7, 2017 2:42 PM              ","surfacebook surfacebook surfacebook surfacebook surfacebook surfacebook surfacebook surfacebook surfacebook surfacebook tuesday, february 7, 2017 2:42 pm","Surfacebook Surfacebook   Tuesday, February 7, 2017 2:42 PM              ","surfacebook surfacebook tuesday, february 7, 2017 2:42 pm"
420,Surfacebooks," Tuesday, February 28, 2017 2:42 PM Users in Chevy Chase are being migrated to Microsoft Surfacebooks With their existing desk setup they all have 2 monitors and a wireless mouse and keyboard. We are giving them Microsoft Surfacebooks, the Microsoft Surface Dock, Mini-Displayport to  Displayport adapters, Mini-Displayport to VGA, a USB ethernet dongle, and a Mini-Displayport to  HDMI adapter.         ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[886, 887]","Surfacebooks Surfacebooks Surfacebooks Surfacebooks Surfacebooks Surfacebooks Surfacebooks Surfacebooks Surfacebooks Surfacebooks   Tuesday, February 28, 2017 2:42 PM Users in Chevy Chase are being migrated to Microsoft Surfacebooks With their existing desk setup they all have 2 monitors and a wireless mouse and keyboard. We are giving them Microsoft Surfacebooks, the Microsoft Surface Dock, Mini-Displayport to  Displayport adapters, Mini-Displayport to VGA, a USB ethernet dongle, and a Mini-Displayport to  HDMI adapter.         ","surfacebooks surfacebooks surfacebooks surfacebooks surfacebooks surfacebooks surfacebooks surfacebooks surfacebooks surfacebooks tuesday, february 28, 2017 2:42 pm users chevy chase migrate microsoft surfacebooks exist desk setup 2 monitor wireless mouse keyboard. give microsoft surfacebooks, microsoft surface dock, mini-displayport displayport adapters, mini-displayport vga, usb ethernet dongle, mini-displayport hdmi adapter.","Surfacebooks Surfacebooks   Tuesday, February 28, 2017 2:42 PM Users in Chevy Chase are being migrated to Microsoft Surfacebooks With their existing desk setup they all have 2 monitors and a wireless mouse and keyboard. We are giving them Microsoft Surfacebooks, the Microsoft Surface Dock, Mini-Displayport to  Displayport adapters, Mini-Displayport to VGA, a USB ethernet dongle, and a Mini-Displayport to  HDMI adapter.         ","surfacebooks surfacebooks tuesday, february 28, 2017 2:42 pm users chevy chase migrate microsoft surfacebooks exist desk setup 2 monitor wireless mouse keyboard. give microsoft surfacebooks, microsoft surface dock, mini-displayport displayport adapters, mini-displayport vga, usb ethernet dongle, mini-displayport hdmi adapter."
421,TS Apps," Thursday, January 11, 2018 5:08 PM    ","[72, 0, 182, 775]",[159],"TS Apps TS Apps TS Apps TS Apps TS Apps TS Apps TS Apps TS Apps TS Apps TS Apps   Thursday, January 11, 2018 5:08 PM    ","ts apps ts apps ts apps ts apps ts apps ts apps ts apps ts apps ts apps ts apps thursday, january 11, 2018 5:08 pm","TS Apps TS Apps   Thursday, January 11, 2018 5:08 PM    ","ts apps ts apps thursday, january 11, 2018 5:08 pm"
422,Teams add-in for Outlook," Friday, June 29, 2018 2:37 PM Teams add-in is installed by default for Office 2016 and O365. User will have to launch and log into  Teams first before launching Outlook to use this add-in to schedule Teams Meeting. Currently this add-in is only available to Windows user and MS is still developing this add-in for other  platform:  ""This is one of the SfB meeting capabilities coming to Teams. This feature will enable meeting  scheduling on mobile, web, and Mac platforms. This feature is targeted for availability by Q2 CY  2018."" From <https://products.office.com/en-US/business/office-365-roadmap?filters=%26freeformsearch=24221>     ","[72, 0, 500, 775]",[293],"Teams add-in for Outlook Teams add-in for Outlook Teams add-in for Outlook Teams add-in for Outlook Teams add-in for Outlook Teams add-in for Outlook Teams add-in for Outlook Teams add-in for Outlook Teams add-in for Outlook Teams add-in for Outlook   Friday, June 29, 2018 2:37 PM Teams add-in is installed by default for Office 2016 and O365. User will have to launch and log into  Teams first before launching Outlook to use this add-in to schedule Teams Meeting. Currently this add-in is only available to Windows user and MS is still developing this add-in for other  platform:  ""This is one of the SfB meeting capabilities coming to Teams. This feature will enable meeting  scheduling on mobile, web, and Mac platforms. This feature is targeted for availability by Q2 CY  2018."" From <https://products.office.com/en-US/business/office-365-roadmap?filters=%26freeformsearch=24221>     ","team add-in outlook team add-in outlook team add-in outlook team add-in outlook team add-in outlook team add-in outlook team add-in outlook team add-in outlook team add-in outlook team add-in outlook friday, june 29, 2018 2:37 pm team add-in instal default office 2016 o365. user launch log team first launch outlook use add-in schedule team meeting. currently add-in available windows user ms still develop add-in platform: ""this one sfb meet capabilities come teams. feature enable meet schedule mobile, web, mac platforms. feature target availability q2 cy 2018."" <https://products.office.com/en-us/business/office-365-roadmapfilters=%26freeformsearch=24221>","Teams add-in for Outlook Teams add-in for Outlook   Friday, June 29, 2018 2:37 PM Teams add-in is installed by default for Office 2016 and O365. User will have to launch and log into  Teams first before launching Outlook to use this add-in to schedule Teams Meeting. Currently this add-in is only available to Windows user and MS is still developing this add-in for other  platform:  ""This is one of the SfB meeting capabilities coming to Teams. This feature will enable meeting  scheduling on mobile, web, and Mac platforms. This feature is targeted for availability by Q2 CY  2018."" From <https://products.office.com/en-US/business/office-365-roadmap?filters=%26freeformsearch=24221>     ","team add-in outlook team add-in outlook friday, june 29, 2018 2:37 pm team add-in instal default office 2016 o365. user launch log team first launch outlook use add-in schedule team meeting. currently add-in available windows user ms still develop add-in platform: ""this one sfb meet capabilities come teams. feature enable meet schedule mobile, web, mac platforms. feature target availability q2 cy 2018."" <https://products.office.com/en-us/business/office-365-roadmapfilters=%26freeformsearch=24221>"
423,Telecom Room," Tuesday, February 28, 2017 2:02 PM We're not sure what this room is for other than the phone wires running in to the suite. We believe  there are also wires/phone stuffs in the basement. Also not sure if we have the key. This room is  across the hall from the server room.                   ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[896, 899]","Telecom Room Telecom Room Telecom Room Telecom Room Telecom Room Telecom Room Telecom Room Telecom Room Telecom Room Telecom Room   Tuesday, February 28, 2017 2:02 PM We're not sure what this room is for other than the phone wires running in to the suite. We believe  there are also wires/phone stuffs in the basement. Also not sure if we have the key. This room is  across the hall from the server room.                   ","telecom room telecom room telecom room telecom room telecom room telecom room telecom room telecom room telecom room telecom room tuesday, february 28, 2017 2:02 pm we're sure room phone wire run suite. believe also wires/phone stuff basement. also sure key. room across hall server room.","Telecom Room Telecom Room   Tuesday, February 28, 2017 2:02 PM We're not sure what this room is for other than the phone wires running in to the suite. We believe  there are also wires/phone stuffs in the basement. Also not sure if we have the key. This room is  across the hall from the server room.                   ","telecom room telecom room tuesday, february 28, 2017 2:02 pm we're sure room phone wire run suite. believe also wires/phone stuff basement. also sure key. room across hall server room."
424,Templates," Tuesday, April 29, 2014 8:32 AM Distribution List Modif... Expire a Network ... Guest Wireless ... Security Group M...    ","[72, 0, 166, 779]",[750],"Templates Templates Templates Templates Templates Templates Templates Templates Templates Templates   Tuesday, April 29, 2014 8:32 AM Distribution List Modif... Expire a Network ... Guest Wireless ... Security Group M...    ","templates templates templates templates templates templates templates templates templates templates tuesday, april 29, 2014 8:32 distribution list modif... expire network ... guest wireless ... security group m...","Templates Templates   Tuesday, April 29, 2014 8:32 AM Distribution List Modif... Expire a Network ... Guest Wireless ... Security Group M...    ","templates templates tuesday, april 29, 2014 8:32 distribution list modif... expire network ... guest wireless ... security group m..."
425,Terminal Server Documentation," Thursday, December 28, 2017 2:41 PM Terminal Server Do...  Thursday, December 28, 2017 2:41 PM Terminal Server Do...                                                                                                                                        Wednesday, July 18, 2018 12:57 PM As we have seen under thin clients , There are no additional software installed except for chrome and skype, Users login to R DS and then launch  the applications from there and work. RDS is Microsoft remote desktop environment where users can connect from anywhere to access the resources provided to them, Not only Thin Client users, but users working remotely can also access RDS at https://rds.berakdia.com and start working . All the RDS servers now are on Windows Server 2012 .    ","[57, 3, 61, 780]","[349, 376]","Terminal Server Documentation Terminal Server Documentation Terminal Server Documentation Terminal Server Documentation Terminal Server Documentation Terminal Server Documentation Terminal Server Documentation Terminal Server Documentation Terminal Server Documentation Terminal Server Documentation   Thursday, December 28, 2017 2:41 PM Terminal Server Do...  Thursday, December 28, 2017 2:41 PM Terminal Server Do...                                                                                                                                        Wednesday, July 18, 2018 12:57 PM As we have seen under thin clients , There are no additional software installed except for chrome and skype, Users login to R DS and then launch  the applications from there and work. RDS is Microsoft remote desktop environment where users can connect from anywhere to access the resources provided to them, Not only Thin Client users, but users working remotely can also access RDS at https://rds.berakdia.com and start working . All the RDS servers now are on Windows Server 2012 .    ","terminal server documentation terminal server documentation terminal server documentation terminal server documentation terminal server documentation terminal server documentation terminal server documentation terminal server documentation terminal server documentation terminal server documentation thursday, december 28, 2017 2:41 pm terminal server do... thursday, december 28, 2017 2:41 pm terminal server do... wednesday, july 18, 2018 12:57 pm see thin clients , additional software instal except chrome skype, users login r ds launch applications work. rds microsoft remote desktop environment users connect anywhere access resources provide them, thin client users, users work remotely also access rds https://rds.berakdia.com start work . rds servers windows server 2012 .","Terminal Server Documentation Terminal Server Documentation   Thursday, December 28, 2017 2:41 PM Terminal Server Do...  Thursday, December 28, 2017 2:41 PM Terminal Server Do...                                                                                                                                        Wednesday, July 18, 2018 12:57 PM As we have seen under thin clients , There are no additional software installed except for chrome and skype, Users login to R DS and then launch  the applications from there and work. RDS is Microsoft remote desktop environment where users can connect from anywhere to access the resources provided to them, Not only Thin Client users, but users working remotely can also access RDS at https://rds.berakdia.com and start working . All the RDS servers now are on Windows Server 2012 .    ","terminal server documentation terminal server documentation thursday, december 28, 2017 2:41 pm terminal server do... thursday, december 28, 2017 2:41 pm terminal server do... wednesday, july 18, 2018 12:57 pm see thin clients , additional software instal except chrome skype, users login r ds launch applications work. rds microsoft remote desktop environment users connect anywhere access resources provide them, thin client users, users work remotely also access rds https://rds.berakdia.com start work . rds servers windows server 2012 ."
426,Thin Client RMA," Monday, April 25, 2016 9:52 AM How to Create a S... This will be taken care by Desktop Engineering Team    ","[72, 0, 166, 775]",[1055],"Thin Client RMA Thin Client RMA Thin Client RMA Thin Client RMA Thin Client RMA Thin Client RMA Thin Client RMA Thin Client RMA Thin Client RMA Thin Client RMA   Monday, April 25, 2016 9:52 AM How to Create a S... This will be taken care by Desktop Engineering Team    ","thin client rma thin client rma thin client rma thin client rma thin client rma thin client rma thin client rma thin client rma thin client rma thin client rma monday, april 25, 2016 9:52 create s... take care desktop engineer team","Thin Client RMA Thin Client RMA   Monday, April 25, 2016 9:52 AM How to Create a S... This will be taken care by Desktop Engineering Team    ","thin client rma thin client rma monday, april 25, 2016 9:52 create s... take care desktop engineer team"
427,Thin Clients," Sunday, July 15, 2018 3:39 PM Thin clients are light weight computers used to connect to remote desktop servers/Terminal servers. Thin Clients are Used as a platform to host applications from terminal servers. There is a Group Policy for Indian servicing users which allows them to login only to Thin Clients.(Exception for few  managers and VP’s) All the Indian servicing users use Thin clients and login to RDS.Berkadia.com to launch and work on the applications. No additional software's are installed on thin clients along with operating system except for Google Chrome and Skype. All thin clients have windows 10 Operating system and can be accessed remotely using VNC Viewer. Thin clients use Flash memory(64 Gigs) instead of traditional Hard Drive.. Thin clients have Unified Write Filter (UWF) service which wipes all the changes made to the system(System changes or  data stored) and reverts the Operating system to original state after the restart. Thin Client Naming Convention starts with INHYDTC5XXX , Where XXX is 3 digit number, If there is no sticker on thin  client guide users to check the host name manually. All users are provided with Dual Monitor setup(21 Inch and 17 Inch).    ","[62, 2, 136, 780]",[1048],"Thin Clients Thin Clients Thin Clients Thin Clients Thin Clients Thin Clients Thin Clients Thin Clients Thin Clients Thin Clients   Sunday, July 15, 2018 3:39 PM Thin clients are light weight computers used to connect to remote desktop servers/Terminal servers. Thin Clients are Used as a platform to host applications from terminal servers. There is a Group Policy for Indian servicing users which allows them to login only to Thin Clients.(Exception for few  managers and VP’s) All the Indian servicing users use Thin clients and login to RDS.Berkadia.com to launch and work on the applications. No additional software's are installed on thin clients along with operating system except for Google Chrome and Skype. All thin clients have windows 10 Operating system and can be accessed remotely using VNC Viewer. Thin clients use Flash memory(64 Gigs) instead of traditional Hard Drive.. Thin clients have Unified Write Filter (UWF) service which wipes all the changes made to the system(System changes or  data stored) and reverts the Operating system to original state after the restart. Thin Client Naming Convention starts with INHYDTC5XXX , Where XXX is 3 digit number, If there is no sticker on thin  client guide users to check the host name manually. All users are provided with Dual Monitor setup(21 Inch and 17 Inch).    ","thin clients thin clients thin clients thin clients thin clients thin clients thin clients thin clients thin clients thin clients sunday, july 15, 2018 3:39 pm thin clients light weight computers use connect remote desktop servers/terminal servers. thin clients use platform host applications terminal servers. group policy indian service users allow login thin clients.(exception managers vp’s) indian service users use thin clients login rds.berkadia.com launch work applications. additional software's instal thin clients along operate system except google chrome skype. thin clients windows 10 operate system access remotely use vnc viewer. thin clients use flash memory(64 gigs) instead traditional hard drive.. thin clients unify write filter (uwf) service wipe change make system(system change data stored) revert operate system original state restart. thin client name convention start inhydtc5xxx , xxx 3 digit number, sticker thin client guide users check host name manually. users provide dual monitor setup(21 inch 17 inch).","Thin Clients Thin Clients   Sunday, July 15, 2018 3:39 PM Thin clients are light weight computers used to connect to remote desktop servers/Terminal servers. Thin Clients are Used as a platform to host applications from terminal servers. There is a Group Policy for Indian servicing users which allows them to login only to Thin Clients.(Exception for few  managers and VP’s) All the Indian servicing users use Thin clients and login to RDS.Berkadia.com to launch and work on the applications. No additional software's are installed on thin clients along with operating system except for Google Chrome and Skype. All thin clients have windows 10 Operating system and can be accessed remotely using VNC Viewer. Thin clients use Flash memory(64 Gigs) instead of traditional Hard Drive.. Thin clients have Unified Write Filter (UWF) service which wipes all the changes made to the system(System changes or  data stored) and reverts the Operating system to original state after the restart. Thin Client Naming Convention starts with INHYDTC5XXX , Where XXX is 3 digit number, If there is no sticker on thin  client guide users to check the host name manually. All users are provided with Dual Monitor setup(21 Inch and 17 Inch).    ","thin clients thin clients sunday, july 15, 2018 3:39 pm thin clients light weight computers use connect remote desktop servers/terminal servers. thin clients use platform host applications terminal servers. group policy indian service users allow login thin clients.(exception managers vp’s) indian service users use thin clients login rds.berkadia.com launch work applications. additional software's instal thin clients along operate system except google chrome skype. thin clients windows 10 operate system access remotely use vnc viewer. thin clients use flash memory(64 gigs) instead traditional hard drive.. thin clients unify write filter (uwf) service wipe change make system(system change data stored) revert operate system original state restart. thin client name convention start inhydtc5xxx , xxx 3 digit number, sticker thin client guide users check host name manually. users provide dual monitor setup(21 inch 17 inch)."
428,Training Session w/ Bill Cancel," Thursday, December 28, 2017 10:00 AM https://outlook.office365.com/ecp/ AD connect server sync onprem environment for AD & Exchange & Skype and link to O365 -uses 2 unique identifiers: email identifier; EA5 (extension attribute 5) - pulls object GUID that is  unique and not duplicate and turn to base 64 number Not everything is synced up to the cloud -can sync information without being on the cloud -DLs are still on prem Bill's scripts -go to cloud, get account, go back to local account and bring information up to the cloud -staging - copy up to 95% then check every night until user is ready to move -once moved from prem, user will be pushed to a mail contact as remote mailbox -with mailflow, external go to our barracuda first then check for our mail contact -contacts are synced on both prem and cloud Teams -anyone can create -a ""group"" is created as well Escalation -escalation point is only as good as documentation -share resource and knowledge to allow team to troubleshoot without waiting on you Portal login & ADFS -have users log in with username@berkadia.com Outlook -search is limited to 250 results -focused inbox for smart grouping of messages, need updated version -show as conversation to group mails like threads Teams -mention with @username to notify them OneDrive -the client is only a sync client for duplicate/copy to allow for offline work, not needed -can be accessed anywhere from portal -drag and drop files straight into browser -1TB of space for everyone -compared to H: drive Microsoft authenticator -handles creds for MS apps for mobile Email attachments -can attach link to onedrive file instead of the entire file -uploaded attachment is saved in the Attachment folder in OneDrive -file location in folder structure doesn't matter. Can move file and shared link will still work. OneDrive - Berkadia is personal OneDrive copy      OneDrive - Berkadia is personal OneDrive copy Berkadia is for Sharepoint sync Teams -just a social skin for Sharepoint -has chat and app integration Portal > waffle > sharepoint > O365 Resources -provide general training -link to MS official quick guide videos Servicing -most has access to teams, etc -mailbox not completely migrated, still limited to certain things -outside of San Francisco, entire US base not in the servicing have been migrated -pilot groups going in India IT, India GPO, ~75 servicing in US Future plans -plan to finish by first quarter of next year -once everyone is migrated, plan to move everyone to skype online -MS integration Skype into Teams -useful for TC users, just log into Teams on browser on terminal server and get access + notifications  for everything    ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[238, 239]","Training Session w/ Bill Cancel Training Session w/ Bill Cancel Training Session w/ Bill Cancel Training Session w/ Bill Cancel Training Session w/ Bill Cancel Training Session w/ Bill Cancel Training Session w/ Bill Cancel Training Session w/ Bill Cancel Training Session w/ Bill Cancel Training Session w/ Bill Cancel   Thursday, December 28, 2017 10:00 AM https://outlook.office365.com/ecp/ AD connect server sync onprem environment for AD & Exchange & Skype and link to O365 -uses 2 unique identifiers: email identifier; EA5 (extension attribute 5) - pulls object GUID that is  unique and not duplicate and turn to base 64 number Not everything is synced up to the cloud -can sync information without being on the cloud -DLs are still on prem Bill's scripts -go to cloud, get account, go back to local account and bring information up to the cloud -staging - copy up to 95% then check every night until user is ready to move -once moved from prem, user will be pushed to a mail contact as remote mailbox -with mailflow, external go to our barracuda first then check for our mail contact -contacts are synced on both prem and cloud Teams -anyone can create -a ""group"" is created as well Escalation -escalation point is only as good as documentation -share resource and knowledge to allow team to troubleshoot without waiting on you Portal login & ADFS -have users log in with username@berkadia.com Outlook -search is limited to 250 results -focused inbox for smart grouping of messages, need updated version -show as conversation to group mails like threads Teams -mention with @username to notify them OneDrive -the client is only a sync client for duplicate/copy to allow for offline work, not needed -can be accessed anywhere from portal -drag and drop files straight into browser -1TB of space for everyone -compared to H: drive Microsoft authenticator -handles creds for MS apps for mobile Email attachments -can attach link to onedrive file instead of the entire file -uploaded attachment is saved in the Attachment folder in OneDrive -file location in folder structure doesn't matter. Can move file and shared link will still work. OneDrive - Berkadia is personal OneDrive copy      OneDrive - Berkadia is personal OneDrive copy Berkadia is for Sharepoint sync Teams -just a social skin for Sharepoint -has chat and app integration Portal > waffle > sharepoint > O365 Resources -provide general training -link to MS official quick guide videos Servicing -most has access to teams, etc -mailbox not completely migrated, still limited to certain things -outside of San Francisco, entire US base not in the servicing have been migrated -pilot groups going in India IT, India GPO, ~75 servicing in US Future plans -plan to finish by first quarter of next year -once everyone is migrated, plan to move everyone to skype online -MS integration Skype into Teams -useful for TC users, just log into Teams on browser on terminal server and get access + notifications  for everything    ","train session w/ bill cancel train session w/ bill cancel train session w/ bill cancel train session w/ bill cancel train session w/ bill cancel train session w/ bill cancel train session w/ bill cancel train session w/ bill cancel train session w/ bill cancel train session w/ bill cancel thursday, december 28, 2017 10:00 https://outlook.office365.com/ecp/ ad connect server sync onprem environment ad & exchange & skype link o365 -uses 2 unique identifiers: email identifier; ea5 (extension attribute 5) - pull object guid unique duplicate turn base 64 number everything sync cloud -can sync information without cloud -dls still prem bill's script -go cloud, get account, go back local account bring information cloud -staging - copy 95% check every night user ready move -once move prem, user push mail contact remote mailbox -with mailflow, external go barracuda first check mail contact -contacts sync prem cloud team -anyone create -a ""group"" create well escalation -escalation point good documentation -share resource knowledge allow team troubleshoot without wait portal login & adfs -have users log username@berkadia.com outlook -search limit 250 result -focused inbox smart group messages, need update version -show conversation group mail like thread team -mention @username notify onedrive -the client sync client duplicate/copy allow offline work, need -can access anywhere portal -drag drop file straight browser -1tb space everyone -compared h: drive microsoft authenticator -handles creds ms apps mobile email attachments -can attach link onedrive file instead entire file -uploaded attachment save attachment folder onedrive -file location folder structure matter. move file share link still work. onedrive - berkadia personal onedrive copy onedrive - berkadia personal onedrive copy berkadia sharepoint sync team -just social skin sharepoint -has chat app integration portal > waffle > sharepoint > o365 resources -provide general train -link ms official quick guide videos service -most access teams, etc -mailbox completely migrated, still limit certain things -outside san francisco, entire us base service migrate -pilot group go india it, india gpo, ~75 service us future plan -plan finish first quarter next year -once everyone migrated, plan move everyone skype online -ms integration skype team -useful tc users, log team browser terminal server get access + notifications everything","Training Session w/ Bill Cancel Training Session w/ Bill Cancel   Thursday, December 28, 2017 10:00 AM https://outlook.office365.com/ecp/ AD connect server sync onprem environment for AD & Exchange & Skype and link to O365 -uses 2 unique identifiers: email identifier; EA5 (extension attribute 5) - pulls object GUID that is  unique and not duplicate and turn to base 64 number Not everything is synced up to the cloud -can sync information without being on the cloud -DLs are still on prem Bill's scripts -go to cloud, get account, go back to local account and bring information up to the cloud -staging - copy up to 95% then check every night until user is ready to move -once moved from prem, user will be pushed to a mail contact as remote mailbox -with mailflow, external go to our barracuda first then check for our mail contact -contacts are synced on both prem and cloud Teams -anyone can create -a ""group"" is created as well Escalation -escalation point is only as good as documentation -share resource and knowledge to allow team to troubleshoot without waiting on you Portal login & ADFS -have users log in with username@berkadia.com Outlook -search is limited to 250 results -focused inbox for smart grouping of messages, need updated version -show as conversation to group mails like threads Teams -mention with @username to notify them OneDrive -the client is only a sync client for duplicate/copy to allow for offline work, not needed -can be accessed anywhere from portal -drag and drop files straight into browser -1TB of space for everyone -compared to H: drive Microsoft authenticator -handles creds for MS apps for mobile Email attachments -can attach link to onedrive file instead of the entire file -uploaded attachment is saved in the Attachment folder in OneDrive -file location in folder structure doesn't matter. Can move file and shared link will still work. OneDrive - Berkadia is personal OneDrive copy      OneDrive - Berkadia is personal OneDrive copy Berkadia is for Sharepoint sync Teams -just a social skin for Sharepoint -has chat and app integration Portal > waffle > sharepoint > O365 Resources -provide general training -link to MS official quick guide videos Servicing -most has access to teams, etc -mailbox not completely migrated, still limited to certain things -outside of San Francisco, entire US base not in the servicing have been migrated -pilot groups going in India IT, India GPO, ~75 servicing in US Future plans -plan to finish by first quarter of next year -once everyone is migrated, plan to move everyone to skype online -MS integration Skype into Teams -useful for TC users, just log into Teams on browser on terminal server and get access + notifications  for everything    ","train session w/ bill cancel train session w/ bill cancel thursday, december 28, 2017 10:00 https://outlook.office365.com/ecp/ ad connect server sync onprem environment ad & exchange & skype link o365 -uses 2 unique identifiers: email identifier; ea5 (extension attribute 5) - pull object guid unique duplicate turn base 64 number everything sync cloud -can sync information without cloud -dls still prem bill's script -go cloud, get account, go back local account bring information cloud -staging - copy 95% check every night user ready move -once move prem, user push mail contact remote mailbox -with mailflow, external go barracuda first check mail contact -contacts sync prem cloud team -anyone create -a ""group"" create well escalation -escalation point good documentation -share resource knowledge allow team troubleshoot without wait portal login & adfs -have users log username@berkadia.com outlook -search limit 250 result -focused inbox smart group messages, need update version -show conversation group mail like thread team -mention @username notify onedrive -the client sync client duplicate/copy allow offline work, need -can access anywhere portal -drag drop file straight browser -1tb space everyone -compared h: drive microsoft authenticator -handles creds ms apps mobile email attachments -can attach link onedrive file instead entire file -uploaded attachment save attachment folder onedrive -file location folder structure matter. move file share link still work. onedrive - berkadia personal onedrive copy onedrive - berkadia personal onedrive copy berkadia sharepoint sync team -just social skin sharepoint -has chat app integration portal > waffle > sharepoint > o365 resources -provide general train -link ms official quick guide videos service -most access teams, etc -mailbox completely migrated, still limit certain things -outside san francisco, entire us base service migrate -pilot group go india it, india gpo, ~75 service us future plan -plan finish first quarter next year -once everyone migrated, plan move everyone skype online -ms integration skype team -useful tc users, log team browser terminal server get access + notifications everything"
429,Troubleshoot a Newly Installed OEAP,"8. If any issues occur during the setup of your OEAP please contact the help desk at 1-888-975-4357 option  #1, or #8. The Cisco Office Extend Access Point (OEAP) is an access point that connects remote clients with the  corporate network using an internet connection. The OEAP provides two types of connections to  corporate using wireless and a remote lan (rlan) port. The wireless connection will allow connectivity  with two SSIDs OEA-WiFiN3T! and bcmguest is only available to executive suites. The SSID OEA- WiFiN3T! will permit connectivity to corporate as if the client were in the office. The remote lan port  is a future port that allows connectivity to corporate, but is slated to be a phone port. After the AP is connected to the internet it completes a series of checks, then connects with a  centralized controller. As the AP negotiates its connection with the internet, it connects with  192.241.20.6 the publicly accessible IP of the controller. Once it connects with 192.241.20.6 it then  sees if its mac address is on the controller, after confirming the mac, the AP connects with the  controller. If any of these two steps fail; the AP will not connect with corporate and require further  trouble shooting. This image shows the ports on the OEAP and how it is connected to the internet: 1. The WAN port is used to connect with any internet connection. This could be any type of cable  modem, dsl, or direct connect internet connection like in an executive suite. 2. Port 4 is the rlan – the port that is not active yet and will provide future connectivity for  phones and ports 1 – 3 are ports are used for local connectivity only. 3. The reset button allows the AP to be reset to factory configuration and should never be used.     Wiring up the OEAP:          Wiring up the OEAP: 1. The client will have a separate document showing how to wire up the OEAP and will show give  examples of different cable modems etc. 2. In the diagram below the cable modem could be a switch, modem, or internet connection that  may be a wall jack like in an executive suite. 3. There should be a cable going from the WAN port of the OEAP to ports 1-4 of the cable  modem. On some modems, there is a WAN port, if connectivity is not working make sure they  are not plugged into this port. 4. There are also situations where the client may have a 2 port cable modem with a switch. In  this case the OEAP will plug into any port on the switch      Symbols of the OEAP: 1. The 4 important symbols here, in order from the image above are the Cisco bridge, the  wireless signal, internet, and power 2. ** All 4 symbols should have a blue, or purple light indicating they are active. If they are not  purple or blue further trouble shooting will need to be performed 3. ** If the symbol next to the wireless symbol is black, or not lit there is no connection to the  internet modem. If the OEAP is not allowing the client to connect with Corporate do the following: 1. Is the AP wired correctly? There should be a cable going from the WAN port to the internet  connection and the Cisco bridge symbol should be blue or purple 2. If the AP is wired to the internet, but the client cannot connect to corporate, you need to  confirm the AP is configured correctly. If not connected to corporate the Cisco bridge icon will  blink orange. If a solid orange then there are IOS errors, or a software failure; try  disconnecting and reconnecting unit power. 3. If after rebooting and there is still an Orange Cisco bridge symbol, have the client plug an  Ethernet connection into port 1 of the AP. 4. Run ipconfig from the device that is plugged into port 1 and get the default gateway address.  This is the IP of the OEAP. 5. Open a browser and type http://10.253.x.x, or http://10.0.0.1, or whatever the default      5. Open a browser and type http://10.253.x.x, or http://10.0.0.1, or whatever the default  gateway is then hit enter. A login prompt will pop up, the username is admin and the  password is O34pR3mot3, or admin password admin. 6. Once connected to the AP you will be at the home screen. 7. Once at the home screen, confirm the AP has an IP address. If AP IP address is 0.0.0.0 there is  a connection issue to the cable modem.  8. If the AP has an IP address confirm the controller IP is not missing. From the top toolbar click  on configuration, then in the left toolbar click WAN.     9. If the controller IP is missing, type 192.241.19.7 in the blank box and click apply. After a couple  minutes the Cisco bridge symbol should turn blue or purple and start downloading new code  and connecting to corporate. 10. If the Cisco bridge symbol still does not turn blue or purple  a. b. The mac address could be missing from the controller. Contact the WAN team to  confirm the mac address of the AP is in the controller. The Local DHCP could be configured to use the same network as their internet provider.  Change the IP address to reflect something other than what shows in the AP IP address  field. 11. If the client still cannot connect with corporate and you have confirmed connectivity, there  may be a wireless issue. Confirm from the home page above, in the AP statistics area if both  radios are up. If the radios are down click configuration, then from the left tool bar click  system. If radios are disabled click the drop down and change them to enabled.          12. If both radios are up, confirm the clients’ laptop has the correct wireless settings. The wireless  settings are pushed down by AD using GPO. There should be a Corporate OEA Wireless  network in the list of managed wireless networks. If the wireless label is not there check that  the client is in the proper GPO group to get this setting.  This concludes the trouble shooting and install of the OEAP. For the most part the OEAP has two  main parts that must be configured for it to connect with corporate. The controller IP and the mac  address of the AP input into the controller. If these are missing the OEAP will not connect with  corporate. If these items are correct there is a local issue preventing the client from connecting.     ","[71, 0, 71, 422]","[1140, 1144]","Troubleshoot a Newly Installed OEAP Troubleshoot a Newly Installed OEAP Troubleshoot a Newly Installed OEAP Troubleshoot a Newly Installed OEAP Troubleshoot a Newly Installed OEAP Troubleshoot a Newly Installed OEAP Troubleshoot a Newly Installed OEAP Troubleshoot a Newly Installed OEAP Troubleshoot a Newly Installed OEAP Troubleshoot a Newly Installed OEAP  8. If any issues occur during the setup of your OEAP please contact the help desk at 1-888-975-4357 option  #1, or #8. The Cisco Office Extend Access Point (OEAP) is an access point that connects remote clients with the  corporate network using an internet connection. The OEAP provides two types of connections to  corporate using wireless and a remote lan (rlan) port. The wireless connection will allow connectivity  with two SSIDs OEA-WiFiN3T! and bcmguest is only available to executive suites. The SSID OEA- WiFiN3T! will permit connectivity to corporate as if the client were in the office. The remote lan port  is a future port that allows connectivity to corporate, but is slated to be a phone port. After the AP is connected to the internet it completes a series of checks, then connects with a  centralized controller. As the AP negotiates its connection with the internet, it connects with  192.241.20.6 the publicly accessible IP of the controller. Once it connects with 192.241.20.6 it then  sees if its mac address is on the controller, after confirming the mac, the AP connects with the  controller. If any of these two steps fail; the AP will not connect with corporate and require further  trouble shooting. This image shows the ports on the OEAP and how it is connected to the internet: 1. The WAN port is used to connect with any internet connection. This could be any type of cable  modem, dsl, or direct connect internet connection like in an executive suite. 2. Port 4 is the rlan – the port that is not active yet and will provide future connectivity for  phones and ports 1 – 3 are ports are used for local connectivity only. 3. The reset button allows the AP to be reset to factory configuration and should never be used.     Wiring up the OEAP:          Wiring up the OEAP: 1. The client will have a separate document showing how to wire up the OEAP and will show give  examples of different cable modems etc. 2. In the diagram below the cable modem could be a switch, modem, or internet connection that  may be a wall jack like in an executive suite. 3. There should be a cable going from the WAN port of the OEAP to ports 1-4 of the cable  modem. On some modems, there is a WAN port, if connectivity is not working make sure they  are not plugged into this port. 4. There are also situations where the client may have a 2 port cable modem with a switch. In  this case the OEAP will plug into any port on the switch      Symbols of the OEAP: 1. The 4 important symbols here, in order from the image above are the Cisco bridge, the  wireless signal, internet, and power 2. ** All 4 symbols should have a blue, or purple light indicating they are active. If they are not  purple or blue further trouble shooting will need to be performed 3. ** If the symbol next to the wireless symbol is black, or not lit there is no connection to the  internet modem. If the OEAP is not allowing the client to connect with Corporate do the following: 1. Is the AP wired correctly? There should be a cable going from the WAN port to the internet  connection and the Cisco bridge symbol should be blue or purple 2. If the AP is wired to the internet, but the client cannot connect to corporate, you need to  confirm the AP is configured correctly. If not connected to corporate the Cisco bridge icon will  blink orange. If a solid orange then there are IOS errors, or a software failure; try  disconnecting and reconnecting unit power. 3. If after rebooting and there is still an Orange Cisco bridge symbol, have the client plug an  Ethernet connection into port 1 of the AP. 4. Run ipconfig from the device that is plugged into port 1 and get the default gateway address.  This is the IP of the OEAP. 5. Open a browser and type http://10.253.x.x, or http://10.0.0.1, or whatever the default      5. Open a browser and type http://10.253.x.x, or http://10.0.0.1, or whatever the default  gateway is then hit enter. A login prompt will pop up, the username is admin and the  password is O34pR3mot3, or admin password admin. 6. Once connected to the AP you will be at the home screen. 7. Once at the home screen, confirm the AP has an IP address. If AP IP address is 0.0.0.0 there is  a connection issue to the cable modem.  8. If the AP has an IP address confirm the controller IP is not missing. From the top toolbar click  on configuration, then in the left toolbar click WAN.     9. If the controller IP is missing, type 192.241.19.7 in the blank box and click apply. After a couple  minutes the Cisco bridge symbol should turn blue or purple and start downloading new code  and connecting to corporate. 10. If the Cisco bridge symbol still does not turn blue or purple  a. b. The mac address could be missing from the controller. Contact the WAN team to  confirm the mac address of the AP is in the controller. The Local DHCP could be configured to use the same network as their internet provider.  Change the IP address to reflect something other than what shows in the AP IP address  field. 11. If the client still cannot connect with corporate and you have confirmed connectivity, there  may be a wireless issue. Confirm from the home page above, in the AP statistics area if both  radios are up. If the radios are down click configuration, then from the left tool bar click  system. If radios are disabled click the drop down and change them to enabled.          12. If both radios are up, confirm the clients’ laptop has the correct wireless settings. The wireless  settings are pushed down by AD using GPO. There should be a Corporate OEA Wireless  network in the list of managed wireless networks. If the wireless label is not there check that  the client is in the proper GPO group to get this setting.  This concludes the trouble shooting and install of the OEAP. For the most part the OEAP has two  main parts that must be configured for it to connect with corporate. The controller IP and the mac  address of the AP input into the controller. If these are missing the OEAP will not connect with  corporate. If these items are correct there is a local issue preventing the client from connecting.     ","troubleshoot newly instal oeap troubleshoot newly instal oeap troubleshoot newly instal oeap troubleshoot newly instal oeap troubleshoot newly instal oeap troubleshoot newly instal oeap troubleshoot newly instal oeap troubleshoot newly instal oeap troubleshoot newly instal oeap troubleshoot newly instal oeap 8. issue occur setup oeap please contact help desk 1-888-975-4357 option #1, #8. cisco office extend access point (oeap) access point connect remote clients corporate network use internet connection. oeap provide two type connections corporate use wireless remote lan (rlan) port. wireless connection allow connectivity two ssids oea-wifin3t! bcmguest available executive suites. ssid oea- wifin3t! permit connectivity corporate client office. remote lan port future port allow connectivity corporate, slat phone port. ap connect internet complete series checks, connect centralize controller. ap negotiate connection internet, connect 192.241.20.6 publicly accessible ip controller. connect 192.241.20.6 see mac address controller, confirm mac, ap connect controller. two step fail; ap connect corporate require trouble shooting. image show port oeap connect internet: 1. wan port use connect internet connection. could type cable modem, dsl, direct connect internet connection like executive suite. 2. port 4 rlan – port active yet provide future connectivity phone port 1 – 3 port use local connectivity only. 3. reset button allow ap reset factory configuration never used. wire oeap: wire oeap: 1. client separate document show wire oeap show give examples different cable modems etc. 2. diagram cable modem could switch, modem, internet connection may wall jack like executive suite. 3. cable go wan port oeap port 1-4 cable modem. modems, wan port, connectivity work make sure plug port. 4. also situations client may 2 port cable modem switch. case oeap plug port switch symbols oeap: 1. 4 important symbols here, order image cisco bridge, wireless signal, internet, power 2. ** 4 symbols blue, purple light indicate active. purple blue trouble shoot need perform 3. ** symbol next wireless symbol black, light connection internet modem. oeap allow client connect corporate following: 1. ap wire correctly cable go wan port internet connection cisco bridge symbol blue purple 2. ap wire internet, client cannot connect corporate, need confirm ap configure correctly. connect corporate cisco bridge icon blink orange. solid orange ios errors, software failure; try disconnect reconnecting unit power. 3. reboot still orange cisco bridge symbol, client plug ethernet connection port 1 ap. 4. run ipconfig device plug port 1 get default gateway address. ip oeap. 5. open browser type http://10.253.x.x, http://10.0.0.1, whatever default 5. open browser type http://10.253.x.x, http://10.0.0.1, whatever default gateway hit enter. login prompt pop up, username admin password o34pr3mot3, admin password admin. 6. connect ap home screen. 7. home screen, confirm ap ip address. ap ip address 0.0.0.0 connection issue cable modem. 8. ap ip address confirm controller ip missing. top toolbar click configuration, leave toolbar click wan. 9. controller ip missing, type 192.241.19.7 blank box click apply. couple minutes cisco bridge symbol turn blue purple start download new code connect corporate. 10. cisco bridge symbol still turn blue purple a. b. mac address could miss controller. contact wan team confirm mac address ap controller. local dhcp could configure use network internet provider. change ip address reflect something show ap ip address field. 11. client still cannot connect corporate confirm connectivity, may wireless issue. confirm home page above, ap statistics area radio up. radio click configuration, leave tool bar click system. radio disable click drop change enabled. 12. radio up, confirm clients’ laptop correct wireless settings. wireless settings push ad use gpo. corporate oea wireless network list manage wireless networks. wireless label check client proper gpo group get setting. conclude trouble shoot install oeap. part oeap two main part must configure connect corporate. controller ip mac address ap input controller. miss oeap connect corporate. items correct local issue prevent client connecting.","Troubleshoot a Newly Installed OEAP Troubleshoot a Newly Installed OEAP  8. If any issues occur during the setup of your OEAP please contact the help desk at 1-888-975-4357 option  #1, or #8. The Cisco Office Extend Access Point (OEAP) is an access point that connects remote clients with the  corporate network using an internet connection. The OEAP provides two types of connections to  corporate using wireless and a remote lan (rlan) port. The wireless connection will allow connectivity  with two SSIDs OEA-WiFiN3T! and bcmguest is only available to executive suites. The SSID OEA- WiFiN3T! will permit connectivity to corporate as if the client were in the office. The remote lan port  is a future port that allows connectivity to corporate, but is slated to be a phone port. After the AP is connected to the internet it completes a series of checks, then connects with a  centralized controller. As the AP negotiates its connection with the internet, it connects with  192.241.20.6 the publicly accessible IP of the controller. Once it connects with 192.241.20.6 it then  sees if its mac address is on the controller, after confirming the mac, the AP connects with the  controller. If any of these two steps fail; the AP will not connect with corporate and require further  trouble shooting. This image shows the ports on the OEAP and how it is connected to the internet: 1. The WAN port is used to connect with any internet connection. This could be any type of cable  modem, dsl, or direct connect internet connection like in an executive suite. 2. Port 4 is the rlan – the port that is not active yet and will provide future connectivity for  phones and ports 1 – 3 are ports are used for local connectivity only. 3. The reset button allows the AP to be reset to factory configuration and should never be used.     Wiring up the OEAP:          Wiring up the OEAP: 1. The client will have a separate document showing how to wire up the OEAP and will show give  examples of different cable modems etc. 2. In the diagram below the cable modem could be a switch, modem, or internet connection that  may be a wall jack like in an executive suite. 3. There should be a cable going from the WAN port of the OEAP to ports 1-4 of the cable  modem. On some modems, there is a WAN port, if connectivity is not working make sure they  are not plugged into this port. 4. There are also situations where the client may have a 2 port cable modem with a switch. In  this case the OEAP will plug into any port on the switch      Symbols of the OEAP: 1. The 4 important symbols here, in order from the image above are the Cisco bridge, the  wireless signal, internet, and power 2. ** All 4 symbols should have a blue, or purple light indicating they are active. If they are not  purple or blue further trouble shooting will need to be performed 3. ** If the symbol next to the wireless symbol is black, or not lit there is no connection to the  internet modem. If the OEAP is not allowing the client to connect with Corporate do the following: 1. Is the AP wired correctly? There should be a cable going from the WAN port to the internet  connection and the Cisco bridge symbol should be blue or purple 2. If the AP is wired to the internet, but the client cannot connect to corporate, you need to  confirm the AP is configured correctly. If not connected to corporate the Cisco bridge icon will  blink orange. If a solid orange then there are IOS errors, or a software failure; try  disconnecting and reconnecting unit power. 3. If after rebooting and there is still an Orange Cisco bridge symbol, have the client plug an  Ethernet connection into port 1 of the AP. 4. Run ipconfig from the device that is plugged into port 1 and get the default gateway address.  This is the IP of the OEAP. 5. Open a browser and type http://10.253.x.x, or http://10.0.0.1, or whatever the default      5. Open a browser and type http://10.253.x.x, or http://10.0.0.1, or whatever the default  gateway is then hit enter. A login prompt will pop up, the username is admin and the  password is O34pR3mot3, or admin password admin. 6. Once connected to the AP you will be at the home screen. 7. Once at the home screen, confirm the AP has an IP address. If AP IP address is 0.0.0.0 there is  a connection issue to the cable modem.  8. If the AP has an IP address confirm the controller IP is not missing. From the top toolbar click  on configuration, then in the left toolbar click WAN.     9. If the controller IP is missing, type 192.241.19.7 in the blank box and click apply. After a couple  minutes the Cisco bridge symbol should turn blue or purple and start downloading new code  and connecting to corporate. 10. If the Cisco bridge symbol still does not turn blue or purple  a. b. The mac address could be missing from the controller. Contact the WAN team to  confirm the mac address of the AP is in the controller. The Local DHCP could be configured to use the same network as their internet provider.  Change the IP address to reflect something other than what shows in the AP IP address  field. 11. If the client still cannot connect with corporate and you have confirmed connectivity, there  may be a wireless issue. Confirm from the home page above, in the AP statistics area if both  radios are up. If the radios are down click configuration, then from the left tool bar click  system. If radios are disabled click the drop down and change them to enabled.          12. If both radios are up, confirm the clients’ laptop has the correct wireless settings. The wireless  settings are pushed down by AD using GPO. There should be a Corporate OEA Wireless  network in the list of managed wireless networks. If the wireless label is not there check that  the client is in the proper GPO group to get this setting.  This concludes the trouble shooting and install of the OEAP. For the most part the OEAP has two  main parts that must be configured for it to connect with corporate. The controller IP and the mac  address of the AP input into the controller. If these are missing the OEAP will not connect with  corporate. If these items are correct there is a local issue preventing the client from connecting.     ","troubleshoot newly instal oeap troubleshoot newly instal oeap 8. issue occur setup oeap please contact help desk 1-888-975-4357 option #1, #8. cisco office extend access point (oeap) access point connect remote clients corporate network use internet connection. oeap provide two type connections corporate use wireless remote lan (rlan) port. wireless connection allow connectivity two ssids oea-wifin3t! bcmguest available executive suites. ssid oea- wifin3t! permit connectivity corporate client office. remote lan port future port allow connectivity corporate, slat phone port. ap connect internet complete series checks, connect centralize controller. ap negotiate connection internet, connect 192.241.20.6 publicly accessible ip controller. connect 192.241.20.6 see mac address controller, confirm mac, ap connect controller. two step fail; ap connect corporate require trouble shooting. image show port oeap connect internet: 1. wan port use connect internet connection. could type cable modem, dsl, direct connect internet connection like executive suite. 2. port 4 rlan – port active yet provide future connectivity phone port 1 – 3 port use local connectivity only. 3. reset button allow ap reset factory configuration never used. wire oeap: wire oeap: 1. client separate document show wire oeap show give examples different cable modems etc. 2. diagram cable modem could switch, modem, internet connection may wall jack like executive suite. 3. cable go wan port oeap port 1-4 cable modem. modems, wan port, connectivity work make sure plug port. 4. also situations client may 2 port cable modem switch. case oeap plug port switch symbols oeap: 1. 4 important symbols here, order image cisco bridge, wireless signal, internet, power 2. ** 4 symbols blue, purple light indicate active. purple blue trouble shoot need perform 3. ** symbol next wireless symbol black, light connection internet modem. oeap allow client connect corporate following: 1. ap wire correctly cable go wan port internet connection cisco bridge symbol blue purple 2. ap wire internet, client cannot connect corporate, need confirm ap configure correctly. connect corporate cisco bridge icon blink orange. solid orange ios errors, software failure; try disconnect reconnecting unit power. 3. reboot still orange cisco bridge symbol, client plug ethernet connection port 1 ap. 4. run ipconfig device plug port 1 get default gateway address. ip oeap. 5. open browser type http://10.253.x.x, http://10.0.0.1, whatever default 5. open browser type http://10.253.x.x, http://10.0.0.1, whatever default gateway hit enter. login prompt pop up, username admin password o34pr3mot3, admin password admin. 6. connect ap home screen. 7. home screen, confirm ap ip address. ap ip address 0.0.0.0 connection issue cable modem. 8. ap ip address confirm controller ip missing. top toolbar click configuration, leave toolbar click wan. 9. controller ip missing, type 192.241.19.7 blank box click apply. couple minutes cisco bridge symbol turn blue purple start download new code connect corporate. 10. cisco bridge symbol still turn blue purple a. b. mac address could miss controller. contact wan team confirm mac address ap controller. local dhcp could configure use network internet provider. change ip address reflect something show ap ip address field. 11. client still cannot connect corporate confirm connectivity, may wireless issue. confirm home page above, ap statistics area radio up. radio click configuration, leave tool bar click system. radio disable click drop change enabled. 12. radio up, confirm clients’ laptop correct wireless settings. wireless settings push ad use gpo. corporate oea wireless network list manage wireless networks. wireless label check client proper gpo group get setting. conclude trouble shoot install oeap. part oeap two main part must configure connect corporate. controller ip mac address ap input controller. miss oeap connect corporate. items correct local issue prevent client connecting."
430,Troubleshoot for redIQ users," Tuesday, January 9, 2018 9:13 AM Request a  .me invite from redIQ users to remote in for troubleshooting. Regular Remote Assistance and  Remote Control and even Bomgar might not work.    ","[72, 0, 173, 775]",[213],"Troubleshoot for redIQ users Troubleshoot for redIQ users Troubleshoot for redIQ users Troubleshoot for redIQ users Troubleshoot for redIQ users Troubleshoot for redIQ users Troubleshoot for redIQ users Troubleshoot for redIQ users Troubleshoot for redIQ users Troubleshoot for redIQ users   Tuesday, January 9, 2018 9:13 AM Request a  .me invite from redIQ users to remote in for troubleshooting. Regular Remote Assistance and  Remote Control and even Bomgar might not work.    ","troubleshoot rediq users troubleshoot rediq users troubleshoot rediq users troubleshoot rediq users troubleshoot rediq users troubleshoot rediq users troubleshoot rediq users troubleshoot rediq users troubleshoot rediq users troubleshoot rediq users tuesday, january 9, 2018 9:13 request .me invite rediq users remote troubleshooting. regular remote assistance remote control even bomgar might work.","Troubleshoot for redIQ users Troubleshoot for redIQ users   Tuesday, January 9, 2018 9:13 AM Request a  .me invite from redIQ users to remote in for troubleshooting. Regular Remote Assistance and  Remote Control and even Bomgar might not work.    ","troubleshoot rediq users troubleshoot rediq users tuesday, january 9, 2018 9:13 request .me invite rediq users remote troubleshooting. regular remote assistance remote control even bomgar might work."
431,Troubleshooting DirectAccess," Thursday, January 11, 2018 1:47 PM Check IP Help service in services.msc DirectAccess uses IP Helper service for IPv6 and tunneling DNS Client service is also necessary If DirectAccess is unable to connect, log on Forticlient, run gpupdate and restart.    ","[72, 0, 182, 775]",[179],"Troubleshooting DirectAccess Troubleshooting DirectAccess Troubleshooting DirectAccess Troubleshooting DirectAccess Troubleshooting DirectAccess Troubleshooting DirectAccess Troubleshooting DirectAccess Troubleshooting DirectAccess Troubleshooting DirectAccess Troubleshooting DirectAccess   Thursday, January 11, 2018 1:47 PM Check IP Help service in services.msc DirectAccess uses IP Helper service for IPv6 and tunneling DNS Client service is also necessary If DirectAccess is unable to connect, log on Forticlient, run gpupdate and restart.    ","troubleshoot directaccess troubleshoot directaccess troubleshoot directaccess troubleshoot directaccess troubleshoot directaccess troubleshoot directaccess troubleshoot directaccess troubleshoot directaccess troubleshoot directaccess troubleshoot directaccess thursday, january 11, 2018 1:47 pm check ip help service services.msc directaccess use ip helper service ipv6 tunnel dns client service also necessary directaccess unable connect, log forticlient, run gpupdate restart.","Troubleshooting DirectAccess Troubleshooting DirectAccess   Thursday, January 11, 2018 1:47 PM Check IP Help service in services.msc DirectAccess uses IP Helper service for IPv6 and tunneling DNS Client service is also necessary If DirectAccess is unable to connect, log on Forticlient, run gpupdate and restart.    ","troubleshoot directaccess troubleshoot directaccess thursday, january 11, 2018 1:47 pm check ip help service services.msc directaccess use ip helper service ipv6 tunnel dns client service also necessary directaccess unable connect, log forticlient, run gpupdate restart."
432,Troubleshooting Existing Registered Android Devices," Thursday, March 17, 2016 3:54 PM In most cases if a user reaches out for assistance regarding their Android device not synching email  after a password change, the password needs to be manually adjusted in the Touchdown app. There  are two possible versions of this app, Touchdown for Smartphones and Touchdown HD. The  differences between the two are almost entirely visual with one vital exception. Touchdown HD has a dedicated settings icon regardless of the model of Android device being used.  Touchdown HD      Select Advanced      Select Legacy Settings Screen      On the Account tab, clear the current password, re-type and select save then close. At this point  you may want to recommend the user press the back button a few times to exit touchdown, then  restart their phone to ensure everything begins synching again.      An additional setting that sometimes needs to be checked is the Email checking frequency setting. You’ll see  that within settings following the guide above under the advanced tab. It should be set for Push.      Touchdown for Smartphones Touchdown for Smartphones relies on pressing either a physical button or “soft” button.  To complicate matters, different manufacturers will sometimes require either a quick tap  or long press on this soft menu button (or a long press on the back arrow button) within  Touchdown for Smartphone to display options.      Open Touchdown for Smartphones and ensure we’re looking at the “Today” screen. Select  Settings.      All other options from that point forward will follow the same method for manually updating  passwords and Email checking frequency as described in TouchDown HD menus.    ","[72, 0, 72, 697]","[52, 59]","Troubleshooting Existing Registered Android Devices Troubleshooting Existing Registered Android Devices Troubleshooting Existing Registered Android Devices Troubleshooting Existing Registered Android Devices Troubleshooting Existing Registered Android Devices Troubleshooting Existing Registered Android Devices Troubleshooting Existing Registered Android Devices Troubleshooting Existing Registered Android Devices Troubleshooting Existing Registered Android Devices Troubleshooting Existing Registered Android Devices   Thursday, March 17, 2016 3:54 PM In most cases if a user reaches out for assistance regarding their Android device not synching email  after a password change, the password needs to be manually adjusted in the Touchdown app. There  are two possible versions of this app, Touchdown for Smartphones and Touchdown HD. The  differences between the two are almost entirely visual with one vital exception. Touchdown HD has a dedicated settings icon regardless of the model of Android device being used.  Touchdown HD      Select Advanced      Select Legacy Settings Screen      On the Account tab, clear the current password, re-type and select save then close. At this point  you may want to recommend the user press the back button a few times to exit touchdown, then  restart their phone to ensure everything begins synching again.      An additional setting that sometimes needs to be checked is the Email checking frequency setting. You’ll see  that within settings following the guide above under the advanced tab. It should be set for Push.      Touchdown for Smartphones Touchdown for Smartphones relies on pressing either a physical button or “soft” button.  To complicate matters, different manufacturers will sometimes require either a quick tap  or long press on this soft menu button (or a long press on the back arrow button) within  Touchdown for Smartphone to display options.      Open Touchdown for Smartphones and ensure we’re looking at the “Today” screen. Select  Settings.      All other options from that point forward will follow the same method for manually updating  passwords and Email checking frequency as described in TouchDown HD menus.    ","troubleshoot exist register android devices troubleshoot exist register android devices troubleshoot exist register android devices troubleshoot exist register android devices troubleshoot exist register android devices troubleshoot exist register android devices troubleshoot exist register android devices troubleshoot exist register android devices troubleshoot exist register android devices troubleshoot exist register android devices thursday, march 17, 2016 3:54 pm case user reach assistance regard android device synching email password change, password need manually adjust touchdown app. two possible versions app, touchdown smartphones touchdown hd. differences two almost entirely visual one vital exception. touchdown hd dedicate settings icon regardless model android device used. touchdown hd select advance select legacy settings screen account tab, clear current password, re-type select save close. point may want recommend user press back button time exit touchdown, restart phone ensure everything begin synching again. additional set sometimes need check email check frequency setting. you’ll see within settings follow guide advance tab. set push. touchdown smartphones touchdown smartphones rely press either physical button “soft” button. complicate matters, different manufacturers sometimes require either quick tap long press soft menu button (or long press back arrow button) within touchdown smartphone display options. open touchdown smartphones ensure we’re look “today” screen. select settings. options point forward follow method manually update passwords email check frequency describe touchdown hd menus.","Troubleshooting Existing Registered Android Devices Troubleshooting Existing Registered Android Devices   Thursday, March 17, 2016 3:54 PM In most cases if a user reaches out for assistance regarding their Android device not synching email  after a password change, the password needs to be manually adjusted in the Touchdown app. There  are two possible versions of this app, Touchdown for Smartphones and Touchdown HD. The  differences between the two are almost entirely visual with one vital exception. Touchdown HD has a dedicated settings icon regardless of the model of Android device being used.  Touchdown HD      Select Advanced      Select Legacy Settings Screen      On the Account tab, clear the current password, re-type and select save then close. At this point  you may want to recommend the user press the back button a few times to exit touchdown, then  restart their phone to ensure everything begins synching again.      An additional setting that sometimes needs to be checked is the Email checking frequency setting. You’ll see  that within settings following the guide above under the advanced tab. It should be set for Push.      Touchdown for Smartphones Touchdown for Smartphones relies on pressing either a physical button or “soft” button.  To complicate matters, different manufacturers will sometimes require either a quick tap  or long press on this soft menu button (or a long press on the back arrow button) within  Touchdown for Smartphone to display options.      Open Touchdown for Smartphones and ensure we’re looking at the “Today” screen. Select  Settings.      All other options from that point forward will follow the same method for manually updating  passwords and Email checking frequency as described in TouchDown HD menus.    ","troubleshoot exist register android devices troubleshoot exist register android devices thursday, march 17, 2016 3:54 pm case user reach assistance regard android device synching email password change, password need manually adjust touchdown app. two possible versions app, touchdown smartphones touchdown hd. differences two almost entirely visual one vital exception. touchdown hd dedicate settings icon regardless model android device used. touchdown hd select advance select legacy settings screen account tab, clear current password, re-type select save close. point may want recommend user press back button time exit touchdown, restart phone ensure everything begin synching again. additional set sometimes need check email check frequency setting. you’ll see within settings follow guide advance tab. set push. touchdown smartphones touchdown smartphones rely press either physical button “soft” button. complicate matters, different manufacturers sometimes require either quick tap long press soft menu button (or long press back arrow button) within touchdown smartphone display options. open touchdown smartphones ensure we’re look “today” screen. select settings. options point forward follow method manually update passwords email check frequency describe touchdown hd menus."
433,Troubleshooting Outlook Reminder issues," 2:14 PM Monday, December 10, 2012 If anytime you run into a user who says his reminders are not being displayed, please follow these  steps.  First, you will want to check to make sure that the reminders are enabled. To do this, in  Outlook go to ""Tools > Options > Other > Advanced Options >Reminder Options"". Make  sure the box is checked next to “Display the Reminder”. If this field is already checked, then please make a backup of your data and proceed with  the steps below. Once you have your data backed up, close Outlook. Then Click ""Start > Run"", and type  in:  1. outlook /cleanreminders and then click ""OK"". All of the reminders that you have missed should start to appear on your screen. If  they do not, create a test task or calendar appointment to see if you are prompted  with a reminder. If you do not get prompted with a reminder, continue on to item 2. 2. Close Outlook, then click ""Start > Run"", and type in:  outlook /cleanfreebusy and then click ""OK"". All of the reminders that you have missed should start to appear on your screen. If  they do not, create a test task or calendar appointment to see if you are prompted  with a reminder. If you do not get prompted with a reminder, continue on to item 3. 3. Close Outlook, then click ""Start > Run"", and type in:  outlook /resetfolders and then click ""OK"". All of the reminders that you have missed should start to appear on your screen  now.    ","[72, 0, 513, 689]",[322],"Troubleshooting Outlook Reminder issues Troubleshooting Outlook Reminder issues Troubleshooting Outlook Reminder issues Troubleshooting Outlook Reminder issues Troubleshooting Outlook Reminder issues Troubleshooting Outlook Reminder issues Troubleshooting Outlook Reminder issues Troubleshooting Outlook Reminder issues Troubleshooting Outlook Reminder issues Troubleshooting Outlook Reminder issues   2:14 PM Monday, December 10, 2012 If anytime you run into a user who says his reminders are not being displayed, please follow these  steps.  First, you will want to check to make sure that the reminders are enabled. To do this, in  Outlook go to ""Tools > Options > Other > Advanced Options >Reminder Options"". Make  sure the box is checked next to “Display the Reminder”. If this field is already checked, then please make a backup of your data and proceed with  the steps below. Once you have your data backed up, close Outlook. Then Click ""Start > Run"", and type  in:  1. outlook /cleanreminders and then click ""OK"". All of the reminders that you have missed should start to appear on your screen. If  they do not, create a test task or calendar appointment to see if you are prompted  with a reminder. If you do not get prompted with a reminder, continue on to item 2. 2. Close Outlook, then click ""Start > Run"", and type in:  outlook /cleanfreebusy and then click ""OK"". All of the reminders that you have missed should start to appear on your screen. If  they do not, create a test task or calendar appointment to see if you are prompted  with a reminder. If you do not get prompted with a reminder, continue on to item 3. 3. Close Outlook, then click ""Start > Run"", and type in:  outlook /resetfolders and then click ""OK"". All of the reminders that you have missed should start to appear on your screen  now.    ","troubleshoot outlook reminder issue troubleshoot outlook reminder issue troubleshoot outlook reminder issue troubleshoot outlook reminder issue troubleshoot outlook reminder issue troubleshoot outlook reminder issue troubleshoot outlook reminder issue troubleshoot outlook reminder issue troubleshoot outlook reminder issue troubleshoot outlook reminder issue 2:14 pm monday, december 10, 2012 anytime run user say reminders displayed, please follow steps. first, want check make sure reminders enabled. this, outlook go ""tools > options > > advance options >reminder options"". make sure box check next “display reminder”. field already checked, please make backup data proceed step below. data back up, close outlook. click ""start > run"", type in: 1. outlook /cleanreminders click ""ok"". reminders miss start appear screen. not, create test task calendar appointment see prompt reminder. get prompt reminder, continue item 2. 2. close outlook, click ""start > run"", type in: outlook /cleanfreebusy click ""ok"". reminders miss start appear screen. not, create test task calendar appointment see prompt reminder. get prompt reminder, continue item 3. 3. close outlook, click ""start > run"", type in: outlook /resetfolders click ""ok"". reminders miss start appear screen now.","Troubleshooting Outlook Reminder issues Troubleshooting Outlook Reminder issues   2:14 PM Monday, December 10, 2012 If anytime you run into a user who says his reminders are not being displayed, please follow these  steps.  First, you will want to check to make sure that the reminders are enabled. To do this, in  Outlook go to ""Tools > Options > Other > Advanced Options >Reminder Options"". Make  sure the box is checked next to “Display the Reminder”. If this field is already checked, then please make a backup of your data and proceed with  the steps below. Once you have your data backed up, close Outlook. Then Click ""Start > Run"", and type  in:  1. outlook /cleanreminders and then click ""OK"". All of the reminders that you have missed should start to appear on your screen. If  they do not, create a test task or calendar appointment to see if you are prompted  with a reminder. If you do not get prompted with a reminder, continue on to item 2. 2. Close Outlook, then click ""Start > Run"", and type in:  outlook /cleanfreebusy and then click ""OK"". All of the reminders that you have missed should start to appear on your screen. If  they do not, create a test task or calendar appointment to see if you are prompted  with a reminder. If you do not get prompted with a reminder, continue on to item 3. 3. Close Outlook, then click ""Start > Run"", and type in:  outlook /resetfolders and then click ""OK"". All of the reminders that you have missed should start to appear on your screen  now.    ","troubleshoot outlook reminder issue troubleshoot outlook reminder issue 2:14 pm monday, december 10, 2012 anytime run user say reminders displayed, please follow steps. first, want check make sure reminders enabled. this, outlook go ""tools > options > > advance options >reminder options"". make sure box check next “display reminder”. field already checked, please make backup data proceed step below. data back up, close outlook. click ""start > run"", type in: 1. outlook /cleanreminders click ""ok"". reminders miss start appear screen. not, create test task calendar appointment see prompt reminder. get prompt reminder, continue item 2. 2. close outlook, click ""start > run"", type in: outlook /cleanfreebusy click ""ok"". reminders miss start appear screen. not, create test task calendar appointment see prompt reminder. get prompt reminder, continue item 3. 3. close outlook, click ""start > run"", type in: outlook /resetfolders click ""ok"". reminders miss start appear screen now."
434,Troubleshooting Web Pages in IE10," Wednesday, March 16, 2016 10:27 PM","[64, 773, 222, 782]",[455],"Troubleshooting Web Pages in IE10 Troubleshooting Web Pages in IE10 Troubleshooting Web Pages in IE10 Troubleshooting Web Pages in IE10 Troubleshooting Web Pages in IE10 Troubleshooting Web Pages in IE10 Troubleshooting Web Pages in IE10 Troubleshooting Web Pages in IE10 Troubleshooting Web Pages in IE10 Troubleshooting Web Pages in IE10   Wednesday, March 16, 2016 10:27 PM","troubleshoot web page ie10 troubleshoot web page ie10 troubleshoot web page ie10 troubleshoot web page ie10 troubleshoot web page ie10 troubleshoot web page ie10 troubleshoot web page ie10 troubleshoot web page ie10 troubleshoot web page ie10 troubleshoot web page ie10 wednesday, march 16, 2016 10:27 pm","Troubleshooting Web Pages in IE10 Troubleshooting Web Pages in IE10   Wednesday, March 16, 2016 10:27 PM","troubleshoot web page ie10 troubleshoot web page ie10 wednesday, march 16, 2016 10:27 pm"
435,Troubleshooting Websense Issues," Wednesday, December 03, 2014 11:51 AM Things to check before escalating the case: Verification of proxy settings/security group membership User must be in BCM Proxy Policy (User). Verify users proxy settings match this: Ensure that the automatically detect settings box is unchecked. Ensure the Address for the automatic configuration script is:  http://pac.gmaccm.com/proxy.pac Verify DNS servers are set properly. Verification that logonapp.exe is running. This is the Websense logon application that identifies users and matches them to thepir  correct policy. If not, run \\gmaccm.com\NETLOGON\WebsenseLogon.cmd Clear cache/temporary internet files.S Information to be included in Websense Tickets Screenshot of the block page that includes the full URL      Source code of HTML indicating the identifying information. To get this information, click on the more information button of the block page. Then right click in the top section where it gives category information Select View Source and copy the section labeled “For Internal Use”: If no block page is present but it is believed Websense is still causing issues, the IE (or other  browser) developer tools will need to be used. For IE, press F12 The Developer Tools window should appear Click on the Network Tab Click “Start capturing” and reload the page that is not functioning properly. Once the page is reloaded, Click “Stop capturing” Look in the URL column for a line or lines that begin with  http://pa508wspol.gmaccm.com. If present, this is Websense blocking part of the page. Screenshot this information including the full URL’s above the Websense URL that the  user is trying to get to (In this case http://box.com)     ","[72, 0, 72, 779]","[805, 806]","Troubleshooting Websense Issues Troubleshooting Websense Issues Troubleshooting Websense Issues Troubleshooting Websense Issues Troubleshooting Websense Issues Troubleshooting Websense Issues Troubleshooting Websense Issues Troubleshooting Websense Issues Troubleshooting Websense Issues Troubleshooting Websense Issues   Wednesday, December 03, 2014 11:51 AM Things to check before escalating the case: Verification of proxy settings/security group membership User must be in BCM Proxy Policy (User). Verify users proxy settings match this: Ensure that the automatically detect settings box is unchecked. Ensure the Address for the automatic configuration script is:  http://pac.gmaccm.com/proxy.pac Verify DNS servers are set properly. Verification that logonapp.exe is running. This is the Websense logon application that identifies users and matches them to thepir  correct policy. If not, run \\gmaccm.com\NETLOGON\WebsenseLogon.cmd Clear cache/temporary internet files.S Information to be included in Websense Tickets Screenshot of the block page that includes the full URL      Source code of HTML indicating the identifying information. To get this information, click on the more information button of the block page. Then right click in the top section where it gives category information Select View Source and copy the section labeled “For Internal Use”: If no block page is present but it is believed Websense is still causing issues, the IE (or other  browser) developer tools will need to be used. For IE, press F12 The Developer Tools window should appear Click on the Network Tab Click “Start capturing” and reload the page that is not functioning properly. Once the page is reloaded, Click “Stop capturing” Look in the URL column for a line or lines that begin with  http://pa508wspol.gmaccm.com. If present, this is Websense blocking part of the page. Screenshot this information including the full URL’s above the Websense URL that the  user is trying to get to (In this case http://box.com)     ","troubleshoot websense issue troubleshoot websense issue troubleshoot websense issue troubleshoot websense issue troubleshoot websense issue troubleshoot websense issue troubleshoot websense issue troubleshoot websense issue troubleshoot websense issue troubleshoot websense issue wednesday, december 03, 2014 11:51 things check escalate case: verification proxy settings/security group membership user must bcm proxy policy (user). verify users proxy settings match this: ensure automatically detect settings box unchecked. ensure address automatic configuration script is: http://pac.gmaccm.com/proxy.pac verify dns servers set properly. verification logonapp.exe running. websense logon application identify users match thepir correct policy. not, run \\gmaccm.com\netlogon\websenselogon.cmd clear cache/temporary internet files.s information include websense ticket screenshot block page include full url source code html indicate identify information. get information, click information button block page. right click top section give category information select view source copy section label “for internal use”: block page present believe websense still cause issues, ie (or browser) developer tool need used. ie, press f12 developer tool window appear click network tab click “start capturing” reload page function properly. page reloaded, click “stop capturing” look url column line line begin http://pa508wspol.gmaccm.com. present, websense block part page. screenshot information include full url’s websense url user try get (in case http://box.com)","Troubleshooting Websense Issues Troubleshooting Websense Issues   Wednesday, December 03, 2014 11:51 AM Things to check before escalating the case: Verification of proxy settings/security group membership User must be in BCM Proxy Policy (User). Verify users proxy settings match this: Ensure that the automatically detect settings box is unchecked. Ensure the Address for the automatic configuration script is:  http://pac.gmaccm.com/proxy.pac Verify DNS servers are set properly. Verification that logonapp.exe is running. This is the Websense logon application that identifies users and matches them to thepir  correct policy. If not, run \\gmaccm.com\NETLOGON\WebsenseLogon.cmd Clear cache/temporary internet files.S Information to be included in Websense Tickets Screenshot of the block page that includes the full URL      Source code of HTML indicating the identifying information. To get this information, click on the more information button of the block page. Then right click in the top section where it gives category information Select View Source and copy the section labeled “For Internal Use”: If no block page is present but it is believed Websense is still causing issues, the IE (or other  browser) developer tools will need to be used. For IE, press F12 The Developer Tools window should appear Click on the Network Tab Click “Start capturing” and reload the page that is not functioning properly. Once the page is reloaded, Click “Stop capturing” Look in the URL column for a line or lines that begin with  http://pa508wspol.gmaccm.com. If present, this is Websense blocking part of the page. Screenshot this information including the full URL’s above the Websense URL that the  user is trying to get to (In this case http://box.com)     ","troubleshoot websense issue troubleshoot websense issue wednesday, december 03, 2014 11:51 things check escalate case: verification proxy settings/security group membership user must bcm proxy policy (user). verify users proxy settings match this: ensure automatically detect settings box unchecked. ensure address automatic configuration script is: http://pac.gmaccm.com/proxy.pac verify dns servers set properly. verification logonapp.exe running. websense logon application identify users match thepir correct policy. not, run \\gmaccm.com\netlogon\websenselogon.cmd clear cache/temporary internet files.s information include websense ticket screenshot block page include full url source code html indicate identify information. get information, click information button block page. right click top section give category information select view source copy section label “for internal use”: block page present believe websense still cause issues, ie (or browser) developer tool need used. ie, press f12 developer tool window appear click network tab click “start capturing” reload page function properly. page reloaded, click “stop capturing” look url column line line begin http://pa508wspol.gmaccm.com. present, websense block part page. screenshot information include full url’s websense url user try get (in case http://box.com)"
436,Trust Relationship errors - Rejoining PC to domain," Tuesday, July 05, 2016 It is a frequent occurrence for a Laptop or Desktop to remain dormant in certain offices. The most  common are situations are: 1. 2. 3. The user has more than one computer and uses one infrequently.  An older computer has been repurposed for a new hire. The computer has been setup as a loaner. All of those scenarios result from no one logging into the computer while on the domain for over 60  days. The user will be presented with an error similar to the one pictured below: If you and the user are unsure about the PC name you can ask the user to type “.\” without quotes in  the username field. You’ll notice the “Log on to:” field below the password field will change from  “GMACCM” to the local computer name.  The next step would be to check if the PC name is listed in Active Directory under Workstations-> Disabled Computers. The computer will then need to be moved to the appropriate office OU.      Finally you’ll most likely need to Remote Desktop into the PC in question using the local admin  username/password. At that point you can open “System” from the control panel. Click on Change  settings.  Click Change. Remove the “.com” from gmaccm.com under the “Member of” field. Click OK.      You’ll then be prompted for –adm credentials. Once accepted you’ll see the message below. Restart  the computer and verify that the user can log in normally.    ","[72, 0, 72, 779]","[658, 660]","Trust Relationship errors - Rejoining PC to domain Trust Relationship errors - Rejoining PC to domain Trust Relationship errors - Rejoining PC to domain Trust Relationship errors - Rejoining PC to domain Trust Relationship errors - Rejoining PC to domain Trust Relationship errors - Rejoining PC to domain Trust Relationship errors - Rejoining PC to domain Trust Relationship errors - Rejoining PC to domain Trust Relationship errors - Rejoining PC to domain Trust Relationship errors - Rejoining PC to domain   Tuesday, July 05, 2016 It is a frequent occurrence for a Laptop or Desktop to remain dormant in certain offices. The most  common are situations are: 1. 2. 3. The user has more than one computer and uses one infrequently.  An older computer has been repurposed for a new hire. The computer has been setup as a loaner. All of those scenarios result from no one logging into the computer while on the domain for over 60  days. The user will be presented with an error similar to the one pictured below: If you and the user are unsure about the PC name you can ask the user to type “.\” without quotes in  the username field. You’ll notice the “Log on to:” field below the password field will change from  “GMACCM” to the local computer name.  The next step would be to check if the PC name is listed in Active Directory under Workstations-> Disabled Computers. The computer will then need to be moved to the appropriate office OU.      Finally you’ll most likely need to Remote Desktop into the PC in question using the local admin  username/password. At that point you can open “System” from the control panel. Click on Change  settings.  Click Change. Remove the “.com” from gmaccm.com under the “Member of” field. Click OK.      You’ll then be prompted for –adm credentials. Once accepted you’ll see the message below. Restart  the computer and verify that the user can log in normally.    ","trust relationship errors - rejoin pc domain trust relationship errors - rejoin pc domain trust relationship errors - rejoin pc domain trust relationship errors - rejoin pc domain trust relationship errors - rejoin pc domain trust relationship errors - rejoin pc domain trust relationship errors - rejoin pc domain trust relationship errors - rejoin pc domain trust relationship errors - rejoin pc domain trust relationship errors - rejoin pc domain tuesday, july 05, 2016 frequent occurrence laptop desktop remain dormant certain offices. common situations are: 1. 2. 3. user one computer use one infrequently. older computer repurposed new hire. computer setup loaner. scenarios result one log computer domain 60 days. user present error similar one picture below: user unsure pc name ask user type “.\” without quote username field. you’ll notice “log to:” field password field change “gmaccm” local computer name. next step would check pc name list active directory workstations-> disable computers. computer need move appropriate office ou. finally you’ll likely need remote desktop pc question use local admin username/password. point open “system” control panel. click change settings. click change. remove “.com” gmaccm.com “member of” field. click ok. you’ll prompt –adm credentials. accept you’ll see message below. restart computer verify user log normally.","Trust Relationship errors - Rejoining PC to domain Trust Relationship errors - Rejoining PC to domain   Tuesday, July 05, 2016 It is a frequent occurrence for a Laptop or Desktop to remain dormant in certain offices. The most  common are situations are: 1. 2. 3. The user has more than one computer and uses one infrequently.  An older computer has been repurposed for a new hire. The computer has been setup as a loaner. All of those scenarios result from no one logging into the computer while on the domain for over 60  days. The user will be presented with an error similar to the one pictured below: If you and the user are unsure about the PC name you can ask the user to type “.\” without quotes in  the username field. You’ll notice the “Log on to:” field below the password field will change from  “GMACCM” to the local computer name.  The next step would be to check if the PC name is listed in Active Directory under Workstations-> Disabled Computers. The computer will then need to be moved to the appropriate office OU.      Finally you’ll most likely need to Remote Desktop into the PC in question using the local admin  username/password. At that point you can open “System” from the control panel. Click on Change  settings.  Click Change. Remove the “.com” from gmaccm.com under the “Member of” field. Click OK.      You’ll then be prompted for –adm credentials. Once accepted you’ll see the message below. Restart  the computer and verify that the user can log in normally.    ","trust relationship errors - rejoin pc domain trust relationship errors - rejoin pc domain tuesday, july 05, 2016 frequent occurrence laptop desktop remain dormant certain offices. common situations are: 1. 2. 3. user one computer use one infrequently. older computer repurposed new hire. computer setup loaner. scenarios result one log computer domain 60 days. user present error similar one picture below: user unsure pc name ask user type “.\” without quote username field. you’ll notice “log to:” field password field change “gmaccm” local computer name. next step would check pc name list active directory workstations-> disable computers. computer need move appropriate office ou. finally you’ll likely need remote desktop pc question use local admin username/password. point open “system” control panel. click change settings. click change. remove “.com” gmaccm.com “member of” field. click ok. you’ll prompt –adm credentials. accept you’ll see message below. restart computer verify user log normally."
437,Turn off update sharing," Thursday, January 7, 2016 9:33 AM With Windows 10 Microsoft introduced the ability to share updates with other computers on the  internet, so that people can share updates with each other, similar to the bittorrent protocol. To  help save bandwidth on metered connections it is recommended that people turn these settings off. Click Start and launch Settings Click Update and Security Under Windows Update click Advanced Options Under Advanced Options click Choose how updates are delivered Under Updates from more than one place make sure the slider is set to OFF    ","[72, 0, 177, 775]",[676],"Turn off update sharing Turn off update sharing Turn off update sharing Turn off update sharing Turn off update sharing Turn off update sharing Turn off update sharing Turn off update sharing Turn off update sharing Turn off update sharing   Thursday, January 7, 2016 9:33 AM With Windows 10 Microsoft introduced the ability to share updates with other computers on the  internet, so that people can share updates with each other, similar to the bittorrent protocol. To  help save bandwidth on metered connections it is recommended that people turn these settings off. Click Start and launch Settings Click Update and Security Under Windows Update click Advanced Options Under Advanced Options click Choose how updates are delivered Under Updates from more than one place make sure the slider is set to OFF    ","turn update share turn update share turn update share turn update share turn update share turn update share turn update share turn update share turn update share turn update share thursday, january 7, 2016 9:33 windows 10 microsoft introduce ability share update computers internet, people share update other, similar bittorrent protocol. help save bandwidth meter connections recommend people turn settings off. click start launch settings click update security windows update click advance options advance options click choose update deliver update one place make sure slider set","Turn off update sharing Turn off update sharing   Thursday, January 7, 2016 9:33 AM With Windows 10 Microsoft introduced the ability to share updates with other computers on the  internet, so that people can share updates with each other, similar to the bittorrent protocol. To  help save bandwidth on metered connections it is recommended that people turn these settings off. Click Start and launch Settings Click Update and Security Under Windows Update click Advanced Options Under Advanced Options click Choose how updates are delivered Under Updates from more than one place make sure the slider is set to OFF    ","turn update share turn update share thursday, january 7, 2016 9:33 windows 10 microsoft introduce ability share update computers internet, people share update other, similar bittorrent protocol. help save bandwidth meter connections recommend people turn settings off. click start launch settings click update security windows update click advance options advance options click choose update deliver update one place make sure slider set"
438,Typical Office 365 Tasks," Here is a rough overview of some of the typical functions you'll have in exchange online when  managing users. Identifying if a user's mailbox is in office 365. This is likely the most important task before you  proceed. Option #1: Use the Exchange Online Portal and go to Recipients and search in the box. If the user  appears here, their mailbox is in office 365. Option #2:  Connect to Exchange Management Console On premise and check if the user is a ""Remote User  Mailbox"" As you can see Adam Green is a Remote User Mailbox and has an smtp of  @berkadia.mail.onmicrosoft.com Option #3 If you're using our powershell profile,  Run connect-exchangeremotely and then get-remotemailbox username As you can see Adam  Greene shows up, but when I check myself it errors out since my mailbox has not been migrated  to office 365 yet and I can confirm this by running get-mailbox. Option #4 If you're using our powershell profile,  Run Connect-office365 then get-cloudmailbox Username. If the user is in the cloud, you'll see  the info as shown below, otherwise if the user is not in the cloud, you'll get the error ""couldn't  be found"" which is normal.      Identifying if a user has a license In powerhsll, run connect-msolservice and put in your -adm account credentials      Once connected, run the following command Get-msoluser -userprincipalname usernamewithupn|ft name,displayname,islicensed,licenses You can see that the user has EnterprisePack which contains Exchange Online and other  features. If  user doesn't have any office 365 licenses, it will show as below. Adding an Alias or any other Contact Information Since all attributes are synced from on premise, you have to change this on-premise as you  normally do without going to exchange online. otherwise you'll get the following error when  attempting to add one under email address as an example.       attempting to add one under email address as an example.  Adding permissions at the mailbox level Click on the user's mailbox and go under mailbox delegation and add the proper permissions as  necessary.  Adding email forwarding.  Click on the users's mailbox and go to mailbox features<> under Mail flow<> Delivery Options.   Do not enable mail forwarding unless you have the appropriate manager's approval for the  user's mailbox. And in most circumstances, these requests are due to a user leaving the  company, and it's better to give the user access to the mailbox instead of having e-mail forward  to the location they are requesting.      How to Setup Out of office As a note, this works exactly like you would internally in exchange by using powershell, but you  have to connect to exchange online powershell as described in the Exchange Online Overview  Section. I've placed the commands below here to connect to exchange online again for quick  reference.  Option #1 if using our powershell profile as your -adm account as stated in the exchange online overview,  just remember if you do it this way, all commandlets must have cloud in them as shown below. Connect-office365 Or  Option #2 $UserCredential = Get-Credential $Session = New-PSSession -ConfigurationName Microsoft.Exchange -ConnectionUri  https://outlook.office365.com/powershell-liveid/ -Credential $UserCredential -Authentication  Basic -AllowRedirection Import-pssession $session Enabling Out of Office (Internal and External) Set-MailboxAutoReplyConfiguration username -AutoReplyState Enabled -ExternalAudience All -      Set-MailboxAutoReplyConfiguration username -AutoReplyState Enabled -ExternalAudience All - InternalMessage ""message"" -ExternalMessage ""message"" Or Set-CloudMailboxAutoReplyConfiguration username -AutoReplyState Enabled -ExternalAudience  All -InternalMessage ""message"" -ExternalMessage ""message"" Scheduled (Internal and External) Set-MailboxAutoReplyConfiguration username -AutoReplyState Scheduled -ExternalAudience  All -StartTime ""7/01/2012 07:00:00"" -EndTime ""9/01/2010 18:00:00"" -InternalMessage  ""message"" -ExternalMessage ""message""  OR Set-CloudMailboxAutoReplyConfiguration username -AutoReplyState Scheduled - ExternalAudience All -StartTime ""7/01/2012 07:00:00"" -EndTime ""9/01/2010 18:00:00"" - InternalMessage ""message"" -ExternalMessage ""message""  Notes The StartTime and EndTime parameters are not used the AutoReplyState setting is set to Enabled. If you want to have an HTML signature instead of a plain text signature, you must use a text file  to load the message. You cannot use HTML characters in Exchange PowerShell directly.  Therefore, the HTML characters must be imported through a text file. To do this, follow these  steps: 1. Create an internalmessage.txt document and an externalmessage.txt document that contain the requested  messages. Run the following cmdlets in the Exchange PowerShell window: 1. 2. 3. $internalmessage = Get-Content internalmessage.txt  $externalmessage = Get-Content externalmessage.txt  Set-MailboxAutoReplyConfiguration -Identity First.Last@berkadia.com -AutoReplyState  Scheduled -ExternalAudience All -StartTime ""7/01/2012 07:00:00"" -EndTime ""9/01/2010 18:00:00"" - InternalMessage $internalmessage -ExternalMessage $externalmessage  Pasted from <http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2667296>  Disable External Out of Office Reply Set-MailboxAutoReplyConfiguration username -ExternalAudience none  Or Set-CloudMailboxAutoReplyConfiguration username -ExternalAudience none  Disable all out of office Set-mailboxautoreplyconfiguration username -autoreplystate disabled -internalmessage """" - externalmessage """" Or Set-cloudmailboxautoreplyconfiguration username -autoreplystate disabled -internalmessage  """" -externalmessage """"      Importing PSTs into Exchange Online For importing a user's PST to their cloud archive after they have been migrated: https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Use-network-upload-to-import-PST-files-to-Office-365-103f940c-0468e1a-b527-cc8ad13a5ea6#step4&ID0EABAAA=Instructions Instruction in the link above are summarized below. 1. 2. 3. Download/Copy users PST to a fileshare (Use PA508EXCAHT1 just like we do for on-prem imports) Go to Office365 Admin Portal > Security and Compliance Center > Data Governance > Import or https://protection.office.com/#/import Select +New import Job 4. 5. 6. 7. Enter Job Name (must be lowercase) Pick Upload your Data radio button Show network upload SAS URL (copy path for step 8) Download and install AzureAZ Copy tool - https://aka.ms/downloadazcopy Note: This is installed on PA508EXCAHT1.  You should install this on the machine where the PSTs are stored 8. Open the Azure Azcopy tool and copy the files to the Azure storage blob using the command below AzCopy.exe /Source:<Location of PST files> /Dest:<SAS URL> /V:<Log file location> Example: AzCopy.exe /Source:""\\Pa508excaht1\pst$\mnelson"" /Dest:""https://35be78e70d6f4515883f94c.blob.core.windows.net/ingestiondata?sv=2012-02-12&se=2017-08-24T19%3A43% 3A44Z&sr=c&si=IngestionSasForAzCopy201707251943431763&sig=b6Ksog0Pqkttu46%2Bwq9elHWP3VA3Kk1U1ksRLoZMrwQ%3D"" /V:""c:\temp1\uploadlog.log"" /Y Tip: If you are importing several PST files for a single user, add a subfolder to the SAS URL and include this subfolder name inthe FilePath column in the mapping file.  The subfoldername name is  case sensitive so be sure to use the same case in the SAS URL as well as the FilePath AzCopy.exe /Source:""\\Pa508excaht1\pst$\mnelson\subfoldername"" /Dest:""https://35be78e70d6f4515883f94c.blob.core.windows.net/ingestiondata/subfoldername?sv=2012-02-12&se= 2017-08-24T19%3A43%3A44Z&sr=c&si=IngestionSasForAzCopy201707251943431763&sig=b6Ksog0Pqkttu46%2Bwq9elHWP3VA3Kk1U1ksRLoZMrwQ%3D"" /V:""c:\temp1\uploadlog.log"" /Y 9. Prepare mapping file as shown below (see link below for all options) https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Use-network-upload-to-import-PST-files-to-Office-365-103f940c-0468-4e1a-b527-cc8ad13a5ea6#step4 Workload FilePath Name Mailbox IsArchive TargetRootFolder SPFileContainer SPManifestContainer SPSiteUrl Exchange subfoldername mnelson-archive.pst michelle.nelson@berkadia.com TRUE IsArchive - This option revolves around whether you wish to import PST files to the primary mailbox (FALSE), or the Online Archive (TRUE). TargetRootFolder - This option allows you to specify what location the PST contents will be placed after import. For example, if you are attempting to import to the root mailbox directory, ""/"" as  the TargetRootFolder will simply insert any folders/content into the root folder of the mailbox. If organization of this data is desired, you can specify which Folder/Subfolder. For example, if I  entered ""Inbox/ ImportedFiles"", the process will automatically create a new subfolder within Inbox labeled ""ImportedFiles."" Once the import is complete, the same PST folder structure will be  imported to ""ImportedFiles."" 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 15. 16. 17. Import and Validate the mapping file Save / validate Import Job Optionally you can download the Azure Storage explorer to verify your files have uploaded - https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=544842 (instructions are HERE at optional step 3) O365 will go thru an analysis if the data once it is complete it will change to 'Ready to Import"" Click applicable job > Import to Office 365 Filter your import data if needed, or import everything Click Import Data to complete Refresh your import page to update the status of your import job(s)      OneDrive/SharePoint Sync issues Resolving OneDrive Client Issues * Please be aware that the OneDrive Sync Client is not required to use OneDrive. If a user has access to OneDrive, they can  access through portal.office.com. The OneDrive Sync Client simply saves a local copy of their file locally. For that reason, the  OneDrive Sync client should not be used on Thin Clients* 1. If you encounter a user unable to sync OneDrive/SharePoint files to their local computer, follow this process. Note any SharePoint sites the user is currently syncing or trying to sync. Typically users will have received email notifications when  these have been shared with them, or you can sign into portal.office.com and click on SharePoint to view recently or frequently  accessed SharePoint sites. Approve  See if Groove.exe is running in task manager, if so, this is the old “OneDrive For Business client and should not be used. End the task  in task manager. You can see another example of both “OneDrive” and “OneDrive For Business” running in the system tray below. “OneDrive” in on the right and has a bold white outline and a brighter blue color. You can hover your pointer over each to verify. If you right click  there will also be an option to Exit but I’d recommend still ending the task from task manager instead. Should you or the user open OneDrive for Business by mistake, you’ll be presented with this window asking for a URL. You do not  want to proceed with this, if you do, you’ll see an additional prompt letting you know that it is blocked. Go to the start menu and delete any shortcuts for “OneDrive For Business.” You can do a quick search under Start Menu-> Search  programs and files. 2. Ensure you have the latest version of OneDrive installed. If the application is not launching correctly or crashing, you may need to  reinstall. As of writing this document, version 2018 (Build 17.005.0107.0008) is currently the newest available.  You can find this version information by right clicking the small OneDrive “cloud” icon in the system tray (see picture in step 1).  Click “Settings” from the context menu, then click the” Account” tab.  Install OneDriveSetup.exe from https://onedrive.live.com/about/en-us/download/ . After installation it may take a few minutes  before you can launch it as the app automatically updates incrementally in the background.  3. Sign into the new OneDrive client. One installed you should see the window below pop up. Enter username@berkadia.com then click Sign in.  If this window did not automatically pop up, locate the small “cloud” icon in the system tray again, right click it, click “Settings”  from the context menu, then click the” Account” tab. Finally click “Add an Account.”      You’ll see the following message displaying the default save location where your personal OneDrive files will be stored (c:\users\% username%\OneDrive – Berkadia). Click Next. If you already have files/folders in this directory you’ll see the following message. Click Use this location. You’ll have the opportunity to choose any folders you wish to not sync. By default, all content is selected. To unselect, check the  box next to the folder, or you can drill down further to omit subfolders. Click Next You’ll see one an additional window popup. Click the arrow pointing to the right 3-4 times to proceed. Click Open My OneDrive Folder. This will display the c:\users\%username%\OneDrive – Berkadia path.       Click Open My OneDrive Folder. This will display the c:\users\%username%\OneDrive – Berkadia path.  Treat  files/folders in the OneDrive - Berkadia directory with the same mindset as content in your H: drive. This is your individual  storage space.  The “Berkadia” directory will also show up under your C:\users\username path  if you choose to sync Sharepoint sites or if an entire  folder from someone’s Onedrive is shared with you. Treat files/folders in this directory with the same mindset as content on a  shared drive. When a folder has completely synced you’ll see a green check mark next to it. (UAC must be enabled to allow sync checkmarks to  show up) When a sync is still in progress you’ll see this icon. 4. Resync Sharepoint sites. Have the user open their Chrome browser (you must use Chrome) and sign into portal.office.com with username@berkadia.com.  Select Sharepoint, then select the Sharepoint site(s) you need to re-sync. In this case I’ve chosen Desktop Engineering. Select Sync. You’ll likely see this prompt from the browser, click Open URL. You’ll be prompted again to choose what files to sync, once again, all folders are selected by default. Uncheck anything you do not  wish to sync, (Available Hard drive space may become a concern) then click “Start sync.” Finally, you’ll see this balloon notification popup from the OneDrive icon in the system tray. Files are now syncing to your  computer, depending on size and internet connection speed, this could take some time.      computer, depending on size and internet connection speed, this could take some time. 5. Make sure Onedrive is set to automatically launch at boot. Once again, right click the OneDrive system tray icon, select settings->click settings tab. Ensure “Start OneDrive automatically when  I sign in to Windows” is checked. Click Ok.    ","[45, 6, 56, 732]","[271, 281]","Typical Office 365 Tasks Typical Office 365 Tasks Typical Office 365 Tasks Typical Office 365 Tasks Typical Office 365 Tasks Typical Office 365 Tasks Typical Office 365 Tasks Typical Office 365 Tasks Typical Office 365 Tasks Typical Office 365 Tasks   Here is a rough overview of some of the typical functions you'll have in exchange online when  managing users. Identifying if a user's mailbox is in office 365. This is likely the most important task before you  proceed. Option #1: Use the Exchange Online Portal and go to Recipients and search in the box. If the user  appears here, their mailbox is in office 365. Option #2:  Connect to Exchange Management Console On premise and check if the user is a ""Remote User  Mailbox"" As you can see Adam Green is a Remote User Mailbox and has an smtp of  @berkadia.mail.onmicrosoft.com Option #3 If you're using our powershell profile,  Run connect-exchangeremotely and then get-remotemailbox username As you can see Adam  Greene shows up, but when I check myself it errors out since my mailbox has not been migrated  to office 365 yet and I can confirm this by running get-mailbox. Option #4 If you're using our powershell profile,  Run Connect-office365 then get-cloudmailbox Username. If the user is in the cloud, you'll see  the info as shown below, otherwise if the user is not in the cloud, you'll get the error ""couldn't  be found"" which is normal.      Identifying if a user has a license In powerhsll, run connect-msolservice and put in your -adm account credentials      Once connected, run the following command Get-msoluser -userprincipalname usernamewithupn|ft name,displayname,islicensed,licenses You can see that the user has EnterprisePack which contains Exchange Online and other  features. If  user doesn't have any office 365 licenses, it will show as below. Adding an Alias or any other Contact Information Since all attributes are synced from on premise, you have to change this on-premise as you  normally do without going to exchange online. otherwise you'll get the following error when  attempting to add one under email address as an example.       attempting to add one under email address as an example.  Adding permissions at the mailbox level Click on the user's mailbox and go under mailbox delegation and add the proper permissions as  necessary.  Adding email forwarding.  Click on the users's mailbox and go to mailbox features<> under Mail flow<> Delivery Options.   Do not enable mail forwarding unless you have the appropriate manager's approval for the  user's mailbox. And in most circumstances, these requests are due to a user leaving the  company, and it's better to give the user access to the mailbox instead of having e-mail forward  to the location they are requesting.      How to Setup Out of office As a note, this works exactly like you would internally in exchange by using powershell, but you  have to connect to exchange online powershell as described in the Exchange Online Overview  Section. I've placed the commands below here to connect to exchange online again for quick  reference.  Option #1 if using our powershell profile as your -adm account as stated in the exchange online overview,  just remember if you do it this way, all commandlets must have cloud in them as shown below. Connect-office365 Or  Option #2 $UserCredential = Get-Credential $Session = New-PSSession -ConfigurationName Microsoft.Exchange -ConnectionUri  https://outlook.office365.com/powershell-liveid/ -Credential $UserCredential -Authentication  Basic -AllowRedirection Import-pssession $session Enabling Out of Office (Internal and External) Set-MailboxAutoReplyConfiguration username -AutoReplyState Enabled -ExternalAudience All -      Set-MailboxAutoReplyConfiguration username -AutoReplyState Enabled -ExternalAudience All - InternalMessage ""message"" -ExternalMessage ""message"" Or Set-CloudMailboxAutoReplyConfiguration username -AutoReplyState Enabled -ExternalAudience  All -InternalMessage ""message"" -ExternalMessage ""message"" Scheduled (Internal and External) Set-MailboxAutoReplyConfiguration username -AutoReplyState Scheduled -ExternalAudience  All -StartTime ""7/01/2012 07:00:00"" -EndTime ""9/01/2010 18:00:00"" -InternalMessage  ""message"" -ExternalMessage ""message""  OR Set-CloudMailboxAutoReplyConfiguration username -AutoReplyState Scheduled - ExternalAudience All -StartTime ""7/01/2012 07:00:00"" -EndTime ""9/01/2010 18:00:00"" - InternalMessage ""message"" -ExternalMessage ""message""  Notes The StartTime and EndTime parameters are not used the AutoReplyState setting is set to Enabled. If you want to have an HTML signature instead of a plain text signature, you must use a text file  to load the message. You cannot use HTML characters in Exchange PowerShell directly.  Therefore, the HTML characters must be imported through a text file. To do this, follow these  steps: 1. Create an internalmessage.txt document and an externalmessage.txt document that contain the requested  messages. Run the following cmdlets in the Exchange PowerShell window: 1. 2. 3. $internalmessage = Get-Content internalmessage.txt  $externalmessage = Get-Content externalmessage.txt  Set-MailboxAutoReplyConfiguration -Identity First.Last@berkadia.com -AutoReplyState  Scheduled -ExternalAudience All -StartTime ""7/01/2012 07:00:00"" -EndTime ""9/01/2010 18:00:00"" - InternalMessage $internalmessage -ExternalMessage $externalmessage  Pasted from <http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2667296>  Disable External Out of Office Reply Set-MailboxAutoReplyConfiguration username -ExternalAudience none  Or Set-CloudMailboxAutoReplyConfiguration username -ExternalAudience none  Disable all out of office Set-mailboxautoreplyconfiguration username -autoreplystate disabled -internalmessage """" - externalmessage """" Or Set-cloudmailboxautoreplyconfiguration username -autoreplystate disabled -internalmessage  """" -externalmessage """"      Importing PSTs into Exchange Online For importing a user's PST to their cloud archive after they have been migrated: https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Use-network-upload-to-import-PST-files-to-Office-365-103f940c-0468e1a-b527-cc8ad13a5ea6#step4&ID0EABAAA=Instructions Instruction in the link above are summarized below. 1. 2. 3. Download/Copy users PST to a fileshare (Use PA508EXCAHT1 just like we do for on-prem imports) Go to Office365 Admin Portal > Security and Compliance Center > Data Governance > Import or https://protection.office.com/#/import Select +New import Job 4. 5. 6. 7. Enter Job Name (must be lowercase) Pick Upload your Data radio button Show network upload SAS URL (copy path for step 8) Download and install AzureAZ Copy tool - https://aka.ms/downloadazcopy Note: This is installed on PA508EXCAHT1.  You should install this on the machine where the PSTs are stored 8. Open the Azure Azcopy tool and copy the files to the Azure storage blob using the command below AzCopy.exe /Source:<Location of PST files> /Dest:<SAS URL> /V:<Log file location> Example: AzCopy.exe /Source:""\\Pa508excaht1\pst$\mnelson"" /Dest:""https://35be78e70d6f4515883f94c.blob.core.windows.net/ingestiondata?sv=2012-02-12&se=2017-08-24T19%3A43% 3A44Z&sr=c&si=IngestionSasForAzCopy201707251943431763&sig=b6Ksog0Pqkttu46%2Bwq9elHWP3VA3Kk1U1ksRLoZMrwQ%3D"" /V:""c:\temp1\uploadlog.log"" /Y Tip: If you are importing several PST files for a single user, add a subfolder to the SAS URL and include this subfolder name inthe FilePath column in the mapping file.  The subfoldername name is  case sensitive so be sure to use the same case in the SAS URL as well as the FilePath AzCopy.exe /Source:""\\Pa508excaht1\pst$\mnelson\subfoldername"" /Dest:""https://35be78e70d6f4515883f94c.blob.core.windows.net/ingestiondata/subfoldername?sv=2012-02-12&se= 2017-08-24T19%3A43%3A44Z&sr=c&si=IngestionSasForAzCopy201707251943431763&sig=b6Ksog0Pqkttu46%2Bwq9elHWP3VA3Kk1U1ksRLoZMrwQ%3D"" /V:""c:\temp1\uploadlog.log"" /Y 9. Prepare mapping file as shown below (see link below for all options) https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Use-network-upload-to-import-PST-files-to-Office-365-103f940c-0468-4e1a-b527-cc8ad13a5ea6#step4 Workload FilePath Name Mailbox IsArchive TargetRootFolder SPFileContainer SPManifestContainer SPSiteUrl Exchange subfoldername mnelson-archive.pst michelle.nelson@berkadia.com TRUE IsArchive - This option revolves around whether you wish to import PST files to the primary mailbox (FALSE), or the Online Archive (TRUE). TargetRootFolder - This option allows you to specify what location the PST contents will be placed after import. For example, if you are attempting to import to the root mailbox directory, ""/"" as  the TargetRootFolder will simply insert any folders/content into the root folder of the mailbox. If organization of this data is desired, you can specify which Folder/Subfolder. For example, if I  entered ""Inbox/ ImportedFiles"", the process will automatically create a new subfolder within Inbox labeled ""ImportedFiles."" Once the import is complete, the same PST folder structure will be  imported to ""ImportedFiles."" 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 15. 16. 17. Import and Validate the mapping file Save / validate Import Job Optionally you can download the Azure Storage explorer to verify your files have uploaded - https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=544842 (instructions are HERE at optional step 3) O365 will go thru an analysis if the data once it is complete it will change to 'Ready to Import"" Click applicable job > Import to Office 365 Filter your import data if needed, or import everything Click Import Data to complete Refresh your import page to update the status of your import job(s)      OneDrive/SharePoint Sync issues Resolving OneDrive Client Issues * Please be aware that the OneDrive Sync Client is not required to use OneDrive. If a user has access to OneDrive, they can  access through portal.office.com. The OneDrive Sync Client simply saves a local copy of their file locally. For that reason, the  OneDrive Sync client should not be used on Thin Clients* 1. If you encounter a user unable to sync OneDrive/SharePoint files to their local computer, follow this process. Note any SharePoint sites the user is currently syncing or trying to sync. Typically users will have received email notifications when  these have been shared with them, or you can sign into portal.office.com and click on SharePoint to view recently or frequently  accessed SharePoint sites. Approve  See if Groove.exe is running in task manager, if so, this is the old “OneDrive For Business client and should not be used. End the task  in task manager. You can see another example of both “OneDrive” and “OneDrive For Business” running in the system tray below. “OneDrive” in on the right and has a bold white outline and a brighter blue color. You can hover your pointer over each to verify. If you right click  there will also be an option to Exit but I’d recommend still ending the task from task manager instead. Should you or the user open OneDrive for Business by mistake, you’ll be presented with this window asking for a URL. You do not  want to proceed with this, if you do, you’ll see an additional prompt letting you know that it is blocked. Go to the start menu and delete any shortcuts for “OneDrive For Business.” You can do a quick search under Start Menu-> Search  programs and files. 2. Ensure you have the latest version of OneDrive installed. If the application is not launching correctly or crashing, you may need to  reinstall. As of writing this document, version 2018 (Build 17.005.0107.0008) is currently the newest available.  You can find this version information by right clicking the small OneDrive “cloud” icon in the system tray (see picture in step 1).  Click “Settings” from the context menu, then click the” Account” tab.  Install OneDriveSetup.exe from https://onedrive.live.com/about/en-us/download/ . After installation it may take a few minutes  before you can launch it as the app automatically updates incrementally in the background.  3. Sign into the new OneDrive client. One installed you should see the window below pop up. Enter username@berkadia.com then click Sign in.  If this window did not automatically pop up, locate the small “cloud” icon in the system tray again, right click it, click “Settings”  from the context menu, then click the” Account” tab. Finally click “Add an Account.”      You’ll see the following message displaying the default save location where your personal OneDrive files will be stored (c:\users\% username%\OneDrive – Berkadia). Click Next. If you already have files/folders in this directory you’ll see the following message. Click Use this location. You’ll have the opportunity to choose any folders you wish to not sync. By default, all content is selected. To unselect, check the  box next to the folder, or you can drill down further to omit subfolders. Click Next You’ll see one an additional window popup. Click the arrow pointing to the right 3-4 times to proceed. Click Open My OneDrive Folder. This will display the c:\users\%username%\OneDrive – Berkadia path.       Click Open My OneDrive Folder. This will display the c:\users\%username%\OneDrive – Berkadia path.  Treat  files/folders in the OneDrive - Berkadia directory with the same mindset as content in your H: drive. This is your individual  storage space.  The “Berkadia” directory will also show up under your C:\users\username path  if you choose to sync Sharepoint sites or if an entire  folder from someone’s Onedrive is shared with you. Treat files/folders in this directory with the same mindset as content on a  shared drive. When a folder has completely synced you’ll see a green check mark next to it. (UAC must be enabled to allow sync checkmarks to  show up) When a sync is still in progress you’ll see this icon. 4. Resync Sharepoint sites. Have the user open their Chrome browser (you must use Chrome) and sign into portal.office.com with username@berkadia.com.  Select Sharepoint, then select the Sharepoint site(s) you need to re-sync. In this case I’ve chosen Desktop Engineering. Select Sync. You’ll likely see this prompt from the browser, click Open URL. You’ll be prompted again to choose what files to sync, once again, all folders are selected by default. Uncheck anything you do not  wish to sync, (Available Hard drive space may become a concern) then click “Start sync.” Finally, you’ll see this balloon notification popup from the OneDrive icon in the system tray. Files are now syncing to your  computer, depending on size and internet connection speed, this could take some time.      computer, depending on size and internet connection speed, this could take some time. 5. Make sure Onedrive is set to automatically launch at boot. Once again, right click the OneDrive system tray icon, select settings->click settings tab. Ensure “Start OneDrive automatically when  I sign in to Windows” is checked. Click Ok.    ","typical office 365 task typical office 365 task typical office 365 task typical office 365 task typical office 365 task typical office 365 task typical office 365 task typical office 365 task typical office 365 task typical office 365 task rough overview typical function exchange online manage users. identify user's mailbox office 365. likely important task proceed. option #1: use exchange online portal go recipients search box. user appear here, mailbox office 365. option #2: connect exchange management console premise check user ""remote user mailbox"" see adam green remote user mailbox smtp @berkadia.mail.onmicrosoft.com option #3 use powershell profile, run connect-exchangeremotely get-remotemailbox username see adam greene show up, check errors since mailbox migrate office 365 yet confirm run get-mailbox. option #4 use powershell profile, run connect-office365 get-cloudmailbox username. user cloud, see info show below, otherwise user cloud, get error ""couldn't found"" normal. identify user license powerhsll, run connect-msolservice put -adm account credentials connected, run follow command get-msoluser -userprincipalname usernamewithupn|ft name,displayname,islicensed,licenses see user enterprisepack contain exchange online features. user office 365 licenses, show below. add alias contact information since attribute sync premise, change on-premise normally without go exchange online. otherwise get follow error attempt add one email address example. attempt add one email address example. add permissions mailbox level click user's mailbox go mailbox delegation add proper permissions necessary. add email forwarding. click users's mailbox go mailbox features<> mail flow<> delivery options. enable mail forward unless appropriate manager's approval user's mailbox. circumstances, request due user leave company, better give user access mailbox instead e-mail forward location requesting. setup office note, work exactly like would internally exchange use powershell, connect exchange online powershell describe exchange online overview section. i've place command connect exchange online quick reference. option #1 use powershell profile -adm account state exchange online overview, remember way, commandlets must cloud show below. connect-office365 option #2 $usercredential = get-credential $session = new-pssession -configurationname microsoft.exchange -connectionuri https://outlook.office365.com/powershell-liveid/ -credential $usercredential -authentication basic -allowredirection import-pssession $session enable office (internal external) set-mailboxautoreplyconfiguration username -autoreplystate enable -externalaudience - set-mailboxautoreplyconfiguration username -autoreplystate enable -externalaudience - internalmessage ""message"" -externalmessage ""message"" set-cloudmailboxautoreplyconfiguration username -autoreplystate enable -externalaudience -internalmessage ""message"" -externalmessage ""message"" schedule (internal external) set-mailboxautoreplyconfiguration username -autoreplystate schedule -externalaudience -starttime ""7/01/2012 07:00:00"" -endtime ""9/01/2010 18:00:00"" -internalmessage ""message"" -externalmessage ""message"" set-cloudmailboxautoreplyconfiguration username -autoreplystate schedule - externalaudience -starttime ""7/01/2012 07:00:00"" -endtime ""9/01/2010 18:00:00"" - internalmessage ""message"" -externalmessage ""message"" note starttime endtime parameters use autoreplystate set set enabled. want html signature instead plain text signature, must use text file load message. cannot use html character exchange powershell directly. therefore, html character must import text file. this, follow steps: 1. create internalmessage.txt document externalmessage.txt document contain request messages. run follow cmdlets exchange powershell window: 1. 2. 3. $internalmessage = get-content internalmessage.txt $externalmessage = get-content externalmessage.txt set-mailboxautoreplyconfiguration -identity first.last@berkadia.com -autoreplystate schedule -externalaudience -starttime ""7/01/2012 07:00:00"" -endtime ""9/01/2010 18:00:00"" - internalmessage $internalmessage -externalmessage $externalmessage paste <http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2667296> disable external office reply set-mailboxautoreplyconfiguration username -externalaudience none set-cloudmailboxautoreplyconfiguration username -externalaudience none disable office set-mailboxautoreplyconfiguration username -autoreplystate disable -internalmessage """" - externalmessage """" set-cloudmailboxautoreplyconfiguration username -autoreplystate disable -internalmessage """" -externalmessage """" import psts exchange online import user's pst cloud archive migrated: https://support.office.com/en-us/article/use-network-upload-to-import-pst-files-to-office-365-103f940c-0468e1a-b527-cc8ad13a5ea6#step4&id0eabaaa=instructions instruction link summarize below. 1. 2. 3. download/copy users pst fileshare (use pa508excaht1 like on-prem imports) go office365 admin portal > security compliance center > data governance > import https://protection.office.com/#/import select +new import job 4. 5. 6. 7. enter job name (must lowercase) pick upload data radio button show network upload sas url (copy path step 8) download install azureaz copy tool - https://aka.ms/downloadazcopy note: instal pa508excaht1. install machine psts store 8. open azure azcopy tool copy file azure storage blob use command azcopy.exe /source:<location pst files> /dest:<sas url> /v:<log file location> example: azcopy.exe /source:""\\pa508excaht1\pst$\mnelson"" /dest:""https://35be78e70d6f4515883f94c.blob.core.windows.net/ingestiondatasv=2012-02-12&se=2017-08-24t19%3a43% 3a44z&sr=c&si=ingestionsasforazcopy201707251943431763&sig=b6ksog0pqkttu46%2bwq9elhwp3va3kk1u1ksrlozmrwq%3d"" /v:""c:\temp1\uploadlog.log"" /y tip: import several pst file single user, add subfolder sas url include subfolder name inthe filepath column map file. subfoldername name case sensitive sure use case sas url well filepath azcopy.exe /source:""\\pa508excaht1\pst$\mnelson\subfoldername"" /dest:""https://35be78e70d6f4515883f94c.blob.core.windows.net/ingestiondata/subfoldernamesv=2012-02-12&se= 2017-08-24t19%3a43%3a44z&sr=c&si=ingestionsasforazcopy201707251943431763&sig=b6ksog0pqkttu46%2bwq9elhwp3va3kk1u1ksrlozmrwq%3d"" /v:""c:\temp1\uploadlog.log"" /y 9. prepare map file show (see link options) https://support.office.com/en-us/article/use-network-upload-to-import-pst-files-to-office-365-103f940c-0468-4e1a-b527-cc8ad13a5ea6#step4 workload filepath name mailbox isarchive targetrootfolder spfilecontainer spmanifestcontainer spsiteurl exchange subfoldername mnelson-archive.pst michelle.nelson@berkadia.com true isarchive - option revolve around whether wish import pst file primary mailbox (false), online archive (true). targetrootfolder - option allow specify location pst content place import. example, attempt import root mailbox directory, ""/"" targetrootfolder simply insert folders/content root folder mailbox. organization data desired, specify folder/subfolder. example, enter ""inbox/ importedfiles"", process automatically create new subfolder within inbox label ""importedfiles."" import complete, pst folder structure import ""importedfiles."" 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 15. 16. 17. import validate map file save / validate import job optionally download azure storage explorer verify file upload - https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/linkid=544842 (instructions optional step 3) o365 go thru analysis data complete change 'ready import"" click applicable job > import office 365 filter import data needed, import everything click import data complete refresh import page update status import job(s) onedrive/sharepoint sync issue resolve onedrive client issue * please aware onedrive sync client require use onedrive. user access onedrive, access portal.office.com. onedrive sync client simply save local copy file locally. reason, onedrive sync client use thin clients* 1. encounter user unable sync onedrive/sharepoint file local computer, follow process. note sharepoint sit user currently sync try sync. typically users receive email notifications share them, sign portal.office.com click sharepoint view recently frequently access sharepoint sites. approve see groove.exe run task manager, so, old “onedrive business client used. end task task manager. see another example “onedrive” “onedrive business” run system tray below. “onedrive” right bold white outline brighter blue color. hover pointer verify. right click also option exit i’d recommend still end task task manager instead. user open onedrive business mistake, you’ll present window ask url. want proceed this, do, you’ll see additional prompt let know blocked. go start menu delete shortcuts “onedrive business.” quick search start menu-> search program files. 2. ensure latest version onedrive installed. application launch correctly crashing, may need reinstall. write document, version 2018 (build 17.005.0107.0008) currently newest available. find version information right click small onedrive “cloud” icon system tray (see picture step 1). click “settings” context menu, click the” account” tab. install onedrivesetup.exe https://onedrive.live.com/about/en-us/download/ . installation may take minutes launch app automatically update incrementally background. 3. sign new onedrive client. one instal see window pop up. enter username@berkadia.com click sign in. window automatically pop up, locate small “cloud” icon system tray again, right click it, click “settings” context menu, click the” account” tab. finally click “add account.” you’ll see follow message display default save location personal onedrive file store (c:\users\% username%\onedrive – berkadia). click next. already files/folders directory you’ll see follow message. click use location. you’ll opportunity choose folders wish sync. default, content selected. unselect, check box next folder, drill omit subfolders. click next you’ll see one additional window popup. click arrow point right 3-4 time proceed. click open onedrive folder. display c:\users\%username%\onedrive – berkadia path. click open onedrive folder. display c:\users\%username%\onedrive – berkadia path. treat files/folders onedrive - berkadia directory mindset content h: drive. individual storage space. “berkadia” directory also show c:\users\username path choose sync sharepoint sit entire folder someone’s onedrive share you. treat files/folders directory mindset content share drive. folder completely sync you’ll see green check mark next it. (uac must enable allow sync checkmarks show up) sync still progress you’ll see icon. 4. resync sharepoint sites. user open chrome browser (you must use chrome) sign portal.office.com username@berkadia.com. select sharepoint, select sharepoint site(s) need re-sync. case i’ve choose desktop engineering. select sync. you’ll likely see prompt browser, click open url. you’ll prompt choose file sync, again, folders select default. uncheck anything wish sync, (available hard drive space may become concern) click “start sync.” finally, you’ll see balloon notification popup onedrive icon system tray. file sync computer, depend size internet connection speed, could take time. computer, depend size internet connection speed, could take time. 5. make sure onedrive set automatically launch boot. again, right click onedrive system tray icon, select settings->click settings tab. ensure “start onedrive automatically sign windows” checked. click ok.","Typical Office 365 Tasks Typical Office 365 Tasks   Here is a rough overview of some of the typical functions you'll have in exchange online when  managing users. Identifying if a user's mailbox is in office 365. This is likely the most important task before you  proceed. Option #1: Use the Exchange Online Portal and go to Recipients and search in the box. If the user  appears here, their mailbox is in office 365. Option #2:  Connect to Exchange Management Console On premise and check if the user is a ""Remote User  Mailbox"" As you can see Adam Green is a Remote User Mailbox and has an smtp of  @berkadia.mail.onmicrosoft.com Option #3 If you're using our powershell profile,  Run connect-exchangeremotely and then get-remotemailbox username As you can see Adam  Greene shows up, but when I check myself it errors out since my mailbox has not been migrated  to office 365 yet and I can confirm this by running get-mailbox. Option #4 If you're using our powershell profile,  Run Connect-office365 then get-cloudmailbox Username. If the user is in the cloud, you'll see  the info as shown below, otherwise if the user is not in the cloud, you'll get the error ""couldn't  be found"" which is normal.      Identifying if a user has a license In powerhsll, run connect-msolservice and put in your -adm account credentials      Once connected, run the following command Get-msoluser -userprincipalname usernamewithupn|ft name,displayname,islicensed,licenses You can see that the user has EnterprisePack which contains Exchange Online and other  features. If  user doesn't have any office 365 licenses, it will show as below. Adding an Alias or any other Contact Information Since all attributes are synced from on premise, you have to change this on-premise as you  normally do without going to exchange online. otherwise you'll get the following error when  attempting to add one under email address as an example.       attempting to add one under email address as an example.  Adding permissions at the mailbox level Click on the user's mailbox and go under mailbox delegation and add the proper permissions as  necessary.  Adding email forwarding.  Click on the users's mailbox and go to mailbox features<> under Mail flow<> Delivery Options.   Do not enable mail forwarding unless you have the appropriate manager's approval for the  user's mailbox. And in most circumstances, these requests are due to a user leaving the  company, and it's better to give the user access to the mailbox instead of having e-mail forward  to the location they are requesting.      How to Setup Out of office As a note, this works exactly like you would internally in exchange by using powershell, but you  have to connect to exchange online powershell as described in the Exchange Online Overview  Section. I've placed the commands below here to connect to exchange online again for quick  reference.  Option #1 if using our powershell profile as your -adm account as stated in the exchange online overview,  just remember if you do it this way, all commandlets must have cloud in them as shown below. Connect-office365 Or  Option #2 $UserCredential = Get-Credential $Session = New-PSSession -ConfigurationName Microsoft.Exchange -ConnectionUri  https://outlook.office365.com/powershell-liveid/ -Credential $UserCredential -Authentication  Basic -AllowRedirection Import-pssession $session Enabling Out of Office (Internal and External) Set-MailboxAutoReplyConfiguration username -AutoReplyState Enabled -ExternalAudience All -      Set-MailboxAutoReplyConfiguration username -AutoReplyState Enabled -ExternalAudience All - InternalMessage ""message"" -ExternalMessage ""message"" Or Set-CloudMailboxAutoReplyConfiguration username -AutoReplyState Enabled -ExternalAudience  All -InternalMessage ""message"" -ExternalMessage ""message"" Scheduled (Internal and External) Set-MailboxAutoReplyConfiguration username -AutoReplyState Scheduled -ExternalAudience  All -StartTime ""7/01/2012 07:00:00"" -EndTime ""9/01/2010 18:00:00"" -InternalMessage  ""message"" -ExternalMessage ""message""  OR Set-CloudMailboxAutoReplyConfiguration username -AutoReplyState Scheduled - ExternalAudience All -StartTime ""7/01/2012 07:00:00"" -EndTime ""9/01/2010 18:00:00"" - InternalMessage ""message"" -ExternalMessage ""message""  Notes The StartTime and EndTime parameters are not used the AutoReplyState setting is set to Enabled. If you want to have an HTML signature instead of a plain text signature, you must use a text file  to load the message. You cannot use HTML characters in Exchange PowerShell directly.  Therefore, the HTML characters must be imported through a text file. To do this, follow these  steps: 1. Create an internalmessage.txt document and an externalmessage.txt document that contain the requested  messages. Run the following cmdlets in the Exchange PowerShell window: 1. 2. 3. $internalmessage = Get-Content internalmessage.txt  $externalmessage = Get-Content externalmessage.txt  Set-MailboxAutoReplyConfiguration -Identity First.Last@berkadia.com -AutoReplyState  Scheduled -ExternalAudience All -StartTime ""7/01/2012 07:00:00"" -EndTime ""9/01/2010 18:00:00"" - InternalMessage $internalmessage -ExternalMessage $externalmessage  Pasted from <http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2667296>  Disable External Out of Office Reply Set-MailboxAutoReplyConfiguration username -ExternalAudience none  Or Set-CloudMailboxAutoReplyConfiguration username -ExternalAudience none  Disable all out of office Set-mailboxautoreplyconfiguration username -autoreplystate disabled -internalmessage """" - externalmessage """" Or Set-cloudmailboxautoreplyconfiguration username -autoreplystate disabled -internalmessage  """" -externalmessage """"      Importing PSTs into Exchange Online For importing a user's PST to their cloud archive after they have been migrated: https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Use-network-upload-to-import-PST-files-to-Office-365-103f940c-0468e1a-b527-cc8ad13a5ea6#step4&ID0EABAAA=Instructions Instruction in the link above are summarized below. 1. 2. 3. Download/Copy users PST to a fileshare (Use PA508EXCAHT1 just like we do for on-prem imports) Go to Office365 Admin Portal > Security and Compliance Center > Data Governance > Import or https://protection.office.com/#/import Select +New import Job 4. 5. 6. 7. Enter Job Name (must be lowercase) Pick Upload your Data radio button Show network upload SAS URL (copy path for step 8) Download and install AzureAZ Copy tool - https://aka.ms/downloadazcopy Note: This is installed on PA508EXCAHT1.  You should install this on the machine where the PSTs are stored 8. Open the Azure Azcopy tool and copy the files to the Azure storage blob using the command below AzCopy.exe /Source:<Location of PST files> /Dest:<SAS URL> /V:<Log file location> Example: AzCopy.exe /Source:""\\Pa508excaht1\pst$\mnelson"" /Dest:""https://35be78e70d6f4515883f94c.blob.core.windows.net/ingestiondata?sv=2012-02-12&se=2017-08-24T19%3A43% 3A44Z&sr=c&si=IngestionSasForAzCopy201707251943431763&sig=b6Ksog0Pqkttu46%2Bwq9elHWP3VA3Kk1U1ksRLoZMrwQ%3D"" /V:""c:\temp1\uploadlog.log"" /Y Tip: If you are importing several PST files for a single user, add a subfolder to the SAS URL and include this subfolder name inthe FilePath column in the mapping file.  The subfoldername name is  case sensitive so be sure to use the same case in the SAS URL as well as the FilePath AzCopy.exe /Source:""\\Pa508excaht1\pst$\mnelson\subfoldername"" /Dest:""https://35be78e70d6f4515883f94c.blob.core.windows.net/ingestiondata/subfoldername?sv=2012-02-12&se= 2017-08-24T19%3A43%3A44Z&sr=c&si=IngestionSasForAzCopy201707251943431763&sig=b6Ksog0Pqkttu46%2Bwq9elHWP3VA3Kk1U1ksRLoZMrwQ%3D"" /V:""c:\temp1\uploadlog.log"" /Y 9. Prepare mapping file as shown below (see link below for all options) https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Use-network-upload-to-import-PST-files-to-Office-365-103f940c-0468-4e1a-b527-cc8ad13a5ea6#step4 Workload FilePath Name Mailbox IsArchive TargetRootFolder SPFileContainer SPManifestContainer SPSiteUrl Exchange subfoldername mnelson-archive.pst michelle.nelson@berkadia.com TRUE IsArchive - This option revolves around whether you wish to import PST files to the primary mailbox (FALSE), or the Online Archive (TRUE). TargetRootFolder - This option allows you to specify what location the PST contents will be placed after import. For example, if you are attempting to import to the root mailbox directory, ""/"" as  the TargetRootFolder will simply insert any folders/content into the root folder of the mailbox. If organization of this data is desired, you can specify which Folder/Subfolder. For example, if I  entered ""Inbox/ ImportedFiles"", the process will automatically create a new subfolder within Inbox labeled ""ImportedFiles."" Once the import is complete, the same PST folder structure will be  imported to ""ImportedFiles."" 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 15. 16. 17. Import and Validate the mapping file Save / validate Import Job Optionally you can download the Azure Storage explorer to verify your files have uploaded - https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=544842 (instructions are HERE at optional step 3) O365 will go thru an analysis if the data once it is complete it will change to 'Ready to Import"" Click applicable job > Import to Office 365 Filter your import data if needed, or import everything Click Import Data to complete Refresh your import page to update the status of your import job(s)      OneDrive/SharePoint Sync issues Resolving OneDrive Client Issues * Please be aware that the OneDrive Sync Client is not required to use OneDrive. If a user has access to OneDrive, they can  access through portal.office.com. The OneDrive Sync Client simply saves a local copy of their file locally. For that reason, the  OneDrive Sync client should not be used on Thin Clients* 1. If you encounter a user unable to sync OneDrive/SharePoint files to their local computer, follow this process. Note any SharePoint sites the user is currently syncing or trying to sync. Typically users will have received email notifications when  these have been shared with them, or you can sign into portal.office.com and click on SharePoint to view recently or frequently  accessed SharePoint sites. Approve  See if Groove.exe is running in task manager, if so, this is the old “OneDrive For Business client and should not be used. End the task  in task manager. You can see another example of both “OneDrive” and “OneDrive For Business” running in the system tray below. “OneDrive” in on the right and has a bold white outline and a brighter blue color. You can hover your pointer over each to verify. If you right click  there will also be an option to Exit but I’d recommend still ending the task from task manager instead. Should you or the user open OneDrive for Business by mistake, you’ll be presented with this window asking for a URL. You do not  want to proceed with this, if you do, you’ll see an additional prompt letting you know that it is blocked. Go to the start menu and delete any shortcuts for “OneDrive For Business.” You can do a quick search under Start Menu-> Search  programs and files. 2. Ensure you have the latest version of OneDrive installed. If the application is not launching correctly or crashing, you may need to  reinstall. As of writing this document, version 2018 (Build 17.005.0107.0008) is currently the newest available.  You can find this version information by right clicking the small OneDrive “cloud” icon in the system tray (see picture in step 1).  Click “Settings” from the context menu, then click the” Account” tab.  Install OneDriveSetup.exe from https://onedrive.live.com/about/en-us/download/ . After installation it may take a few minutes  before you can launch it as the app automatically updates incrementally in the background.  3. Sign into the new OneDrive client. One installed you should see the window below pop up. Enter username@berkadia.com then click Sign in.  If this window did not automatically pop up, locate the small “cloud” icon in the system tray again, right click it, click “Settings”  from the context menu, then click the” Account” tab. Finally click “Add an Account.”      You’ll see the following message displaying the default save location where your personal OneDrive files will be stored (c:\users\% username%\OneDrive – Berkadia). Click Next. If you already have files/folders in this directory you’ll see the following message. Click Use this location. You’ll have the opportunity to choose any folders you wish to not sync. By default, all content is selected. To unselect, check the  box next to the folder, or you can drill down further to omit subfolders. Click Next You’ll see one an additional window popup. Click the arrow pointing to the right 3-4 times to proceed. Click Open My OneDrive Folder. This will display the c:\users\%username%\OneDrive – Berkadia path.       Click Open My OneDrive Folder. This will display the c:\users\%username%\OneDrive – Berkadia path.  Treat  files/folders in the OneDrive - Berkadia directory with the same mindset as content in your H: drive. This is your individual  storage space.  The “Berkadia” directory will also show up under your C:\users\username path  if you choose to sync Sharepoint sites or if an entire  folder from someone’s Onedrive is shared with you. Treat files/folders in this directory with the same mindset as content on a  shared drive. When a folder has completely synced you’ll see a green check mark next to it. (UAC must be enabled to allow sync checkmarks to  show up) When a sync is still in progress you’ll see this icon. 4. Resync Sharepoint sites. Have the user open their Chrome browser (you must use Chrome) and sign into portal.office.com with username@berkadia.com.  Select Sharepoint, then select the Sharepoint site(s) you need to re-sync. In this case I’ve chosen Desktop Engineering. Select Sync. You’ll likely see this prompt from the browser, click Open URL. You’ll be prompted again to choose what files to sync, once again, all folders are selected by default. Uncheck anything you do not  wish to sync, (Available Hard drive space may become a concern) then click “Start sync.” Finally, you’ll see this balloon notification popup from the OneDrive icon in the system tray. Files are now syncing to your  computer, depending on size and internet connection speed, this could take some time.      computer, depending on size and internet connection speed, this could take some time. 5. Make sure Onedrive is set to automatically launch at boot. Once again, right click the OneDrive system tray icon, select settings->click settings tab. Ensure “Start OneDrive automatically when  I sign in to Windows” is checked. Click Ok.    ","typical office 365 task typical office 365 task rough overview typical function exchange online manage users. identify user's mailbox office 365. likely important task proceed. option #1: use exchange online portal go recipients search box. user appear here, mailbox office 365. option #2: connect exchange management console premise check user ""remote user mailbox"" see adam green remote user mailbox smtp @berkadia.mail.onmicrosoft.com option #3 use powershell profile, run connect-exchangeremotely get-remotemailbox username see adam greene show up, check errors since mailbox migrate office 365 yet confirm run get-mailbox. option #4 use powershell profile, run connect-office365 get-cloudmailbox username. user cloud, see info show below, otherwise user cloud, get error ""couldn't found"" normal. identify user license powerhsll, run connect-msolservice put -adm account credentials connected, run follow command get-msoluser -userprincipalname usernamewithupn|ft name,displayname,islicensed,licenses see user enterprisepack contain exchange online features. user office 365 licenses, show below. add alias contact information since attribute sync premise, change on-premise normally without go exchange online. otherwise get follow error attempt add one email address example. attempt add one email address example. add permissions mailbox level click user's mailbox go mailbox delegation add proper permissions necessary. add email forwarding. click users's mailbox go mailbox features<> mail flow<> delivery options. enable mail forward unless appropriate manager's approval user's mailbox. circumstances, request due user leave company, better give user access mailbox instead e-mail forward location requesting. setup office note, work exactly like would internally exchange use powershell, connect exchange online powershell describe exchange online overview section. i've place command connect exchange online quick reference. option #1 use powershell profile -adm account state exchange online overview, remember way, commandlets must cloud show below. connect-office365 option #2 $usercredential = get-credential $session = new-pssession -configurationname microsoft.exchange -connectionuri https://outlook.office365.com/powershell-liveid/ -credential $usercredential -authentication basic -allowredirection import-pssession $session enable office (internal external) set-mailboxautoreplyconfiguration username -autoreplystate enable -externalaudience - set-mailboxautoreplyconfiguration username -autoreplystate enable -externalaudience - internalmessage ""message"" -externalmessage ""message"" set-cloudmailboxautoreplyconfiguration username -autoreplystate enable -externalaudience -internalmessage ""message"" -externalmessage ""message"" schedule (internal external) set-mailboxautoreplyconfiguration username -autoreplystate schedule -externalaudience -starttime ""7/01/2012 07:00:00"" -endtime ""9/01/2010 18:00:00"" -internalmessage ""message"" -externalmessage ""message"" set-cloudmailboxautoreplyconfiguration username -autoreplystate schedule - externalaudience -starttime ""7/01/2012 07:00:00"" -endtime ""9/01/2010 18:00:00"" - internalmessage ""message"" -externalmessage ""message"" note starttime endtime parameters use autoreplystate set set enabled. want html signature instead plain text signature, must use text file load message. cannot use html character exchange powershell directly. therefore, html character must import text file. this, follow steps: 1. create internalmessage.txt document externalmessage.txt document contain request messages. run follow cmdlets exchange powershell window: 1. 2. 3. $internalmessage = get-content internalmessage.txt $externalmessage = get-content externalmessage.txt set-mailboxautoreplyconfiguration -identity first.last@berkadia.com -autoreplystate schedule -externalaudience -starttime ""7/01/2012 07:00:00"" -endtime ""9/01/2010 18:00:00"" - internalmessage $internalmessage -externalmessage $externalmessage paste <http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2667296> disable external office reply set-mailboxautoreplyconfiguration username -externalaudience none set-cloudmailboxautoreplyconfiguration username -externalaudience none disable office set-mailboxautoreplyconfiguration username -autoreplystate disable -internalmessage """" - externalmessage """" set-cloudmailboxautoreplyconfiguration username -autoreplystate disable -internalmessage """" -externalmessage """" import psts exchange online import user's pst cloud archive migrated: https://support.office.com/en-us/article/use-network-upload-to-import-pst-files-to-office-365-103f940c-0468e1a-b527-cc8ad13a5ea6#step4&id0eabaaa=instructions instruction link summarize below. 1. 2. 3. download/copy users pst fileshare (use pa508excaht1 like on-prem imports) go office365 admin portal > security compliance center > data governance > import https://protection.office.com/#/import select +new import job 4. 5. 6. 7. enter job name (must lowercase) pick upload data radio button show network upload sas url (copy path step 8) download install azureaz copy tool - https://aka.ms/downloadazcopy note: instal pa508excaht1. install machine psts store 8. open azure azcopy tool copy file azure storage blob use command azcopy.exe /source:<location pst files> /dest:<sas url> /v:<log file location> example: azcopy.exe /source:""\\pa508excaht1\pst$\mnelson"" /dest:""https://35be78e70d6f4515883f94c.blob.core.windows.net/ingestiondatasv=2012-02-12&se=2017-08-24t19%3a43% 3a44z&sr=c&si=ingestionsasforazcopy201707251943431763&sig=b6ksog0pqkttu46%2bwq9elhwp3va3kk1u1ksrlozmrwq%3d"" /v:""c:\temp1\uploadlog.log"" /y tip: import several pst file single user, add subfolder sas url include subfolder name inthe filepath column map file. subfoldername name case sensitive sure use case sas url well filepath azcopy.exe /source:""\\pa508excaht1\pst$\mnelson\subfoldername"" /dest:""https://35be78e70d6f4515883f94c.blob.core.windows.net/ingestiondata/subfoldernamesv=2012-02-12&se= 2017-08-24t19%3a43%3a44z&sr=c&si=ingestionsasforazcopy201707251943431763&sig=b6ksog0pqkttu46%2bwq9elhwp3va3kk1u1ksrlozmrwq%3d"" /v:""c:\temp1\uploadlog.log"" /y 9. prepare map file show (see link options) https://support.office.com/en-us/article/use-network-upload-to-import-pst-files-to-office-365-103f940c-0468-4e1a-b527-cc8ad13a5ea6#step4 workload filepath name mailbox isarchive targetrootfolder spfilecontainer spmanifestcontainer spsiteurl exchange subfoldername mnelson-archive.pst michelle.nelson@berkadia.com true isarchive - option revolve around whether wish import pst file primary mailbox (false), online archive (true). targetrootfolder - option allow specify location pst content place import. example, attempt import root mailbox directory, ""/"" targetrootfolder simply insert folders/content root folder mailbox. organization data desired, specify folder/subfolder. example, enter ""inbox/ importedfiles"", process automatically create new subfolder within inbox label ""importedfiles."" import complete, pst folder structure import ""importedfiles."" 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 15. 16. 17. import validate map file save / validate import job optionally download azure storage explorer verify file upload - https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/linkid=544842 (instructions optional step 3) o365 go thru analysis data complete change 'ready import"" click applicable job > import office 365 filter import data needed, import everything click import data complete refresh import page update status import job(s) onedrive/sharepoint sync issue resolve onedrive client issue * please aware onedrive sync client require use onedrive. user access onedrive, access portal.office.com. onedrive sync client simply save local copy file locally. reason, onedrive sync client use thin clients* 1. encounter user unable sync onedrive/sharepoint file local computer, follow process. note sharepoint sit user currently sync try sync. typically users receive email notifications share them, sign portal.office.com click sharepoint view recently frequently access sharepoint sites. approve see groove.exe run task manager, so, old “onedrive business client used. end task task manager. see another example “onedrive” “onedrive business” run system tray below. “onedrive” right bold white outline brighter blue color. hover pointer verify. right click also option exit i’d recommend still end task task manager instead. user open onedrive business mistake, you’ll present window ask url. want proceed this, do, you’ll see additional prompt let know blocked. go start menu delete shortcuts “onedrive business.” quick search start menu-> search program files. 2. ensure latest version onedrive installed. application launch correctly crashing, may need reinstall. write document, version 2018 (build 17.005.0107.0008) currently newest available. find version information right click small onedrive “cloud” icon system tray (see picture step 1). click “settings” context menu, click the” account” tab. install onedrivesetup.exe https://onedrive.live.com/about/en-us/download/ . installation may take minutes launch app automatically update incrementally background. 3. sign new onedrive client. one instal see window pop up. enter username@berkadia.com click sign in. window automatically pop up, locate small “cloud” icon system tray again, right click it, click “settings” context menu, click the” account” tab. finally click “add account.” you’ll see follow message display default save location personal onedrive file store (c:\users\% username%\onedrive – berkadia). click next. already files/folders directory you’ll see follow message. click use location. you’ll opportunity choose folders wish sync. default, content selected. unselect, check box next folder, drill omit subfolders. click next you’ll see one additional window popup. click arrow point right 3-4 time proceed. click open onedrive folder. display c:\users\%username%\onedrive – berkadia path. click open onedrive folder. display c:\users\%username%\onedrive – berkadia path. treat files/folders onedrive - berkadia directory mindset content h: drive. individual storage space. “berkadia” directory also show c:\users\username path choose sync sharepoint sit entire folder someone’s onedrive share you. treat files/folders directory mindset content share drive. folder completely sync you’ll see green check mark next it. (uac must enable allow sync checkmarks show up) sync still progress you’ll see icon. 4. resync sharepoint sites. user open chrome browser (you must use chrome) sign portal.office.com username@berkadia.com. select sharepoint, select sharepoint site(s) need re-sync. case i’ve choose desktop engineering. select sync. you’ll likely see prompt browser, click open url. you’ll prompt choose file sync, again, folders select default. uncheck anything wish sync, (available hard drive space may become concern) click “start sync.” finally, you’ll see balloon notification popup onedrive icon system tray. file sync computer, depend size internet connection speed, could take time. computer, depend size internet connection speed, could take time. 5. make sure onedrive set automatically launch boot. again, right click onedrive system tray icon, select settings->click settings tab. ensure “start onedrive automatically sign windows” checked. click ok."
439,US - Ambler," Tuesday, September 19, 2017 12:23 AM Name :                 Dante Jackson Position :             Engineer, Helpdesk Work Email :       Dante.Jackson@berkadia.com Desk No:              79961609 Contact No :       (215) 328-1609 Location :             Ambler, PA Name :                 Greg Bartle Position :             Engineer, Helpdesk Work Email :       Greg.Bartle@berkadia.com Desk No:              79961607 Contact No :       (215) 328-1607 Location :             Ambler, PA Name :                 William (Fry) Frysinger Position :             Team Lead, Helpdesk Work Email :       William.Frysinger@berkadia.com Desk No:              79961710 Contact No :        267-800-8649 Location :             Ambler, PA Name :                 Long Nam Tran Position :              Engineer, Helpdesk Work Email :       Long.Tran@berkadia.com Desk No:              79961612 Contact No :        215-328-1612 Location :             Ambler, PA    ","[72, 0, 192, 775]",[70],"US - Ambler US - Ambler US - Ambler US - Ambler US - Ambler US - Ambler US - Ambler US - Ambler US - Ambler US - Ambler   Tuesday, September 19, 2017 12:23 AM Name :                 Dante Jackson Position :             Engineer, Helpdesk Work Email :       Dante.Jackson@berkadia.com Desk No:              79961609 Contact No :       (215) 328-1609 Location :             Ambler, PA Name :                 Greg Bartle Position :             Engineer, Helpdesk Work Email :       Greg.Bartle@berkadia.com Desk No:              79961607 Contact No :       (215) 328-1607 Location :             Ambler, PA Name :                 William (Fry) Frysinger Position :             Team Lead, Helpdesk Work Email :       William.Frysinger@berkadia.com Desk No:              79961710 Contact No :        267-800-8649 Location :             Ambler, PA Name :                 Long Nam Tran Position :              Engineer, Helpdesk Work Email :       Long.Tran@berkadia.com Desk No:              79961612 Contact No :        215-328-1612 Location :             Ambler, PA    ","us - ambler us - ambler us - ambler us - ambler us - ambler us - ambler us - ambler us - ambler us - ambler us - ambler tuesday, september 19, 2017 12:23 name : dante jackson position : engineer, helpdesk work email : dante.jackson@berkadia.com desk no: 79961609 contact : (215) 328-1609 location : ambler, pa name : greg bartle position : engineer, helpdesk work email : greg.bartle@berkadia.com desk no: 79961607 contact : (215) 328-1607 location : ambler, pa name : william (fry) frysinger position : team lead, helpdesk work email : william.frysinger@berkadia.com desk no: 79961710 contact : 267-800-8649 location : ambler, pa name : long nam tran position : engineer, helpdesk work email : long.tran@berkadia.com desk no: 79961612 contact : 215-328-1612 location : ambler, pa","US - Ambler US - Ambler   Tuesday, September 19, 2017 12:23 AM Name :                 Dante Jackson Position :             Engineer, Helpdesk Work Email :       Dante.Jackson@berkadia.com Desk No:              79961609 Contact No :       (215) 328-1609 Location :             Ambler, PA Name :                 Greg Bartle Position :             Engineer, Helpdesk Work Email :       Greg.Bartle@berkadia.com Desk No:              79961607 Contact No :       (215) 328-1607 Location :             Ambler, PA Name :                 William (Fry) Frysinger Position :             Team Lead, Helpdesk Work Email :       William.Frysinger@berkadia.com Desk No:              79961710 Contact No :        267-800-8649 Location :             Ambler, PA Name :                 Long Nam Tran Position :              Engineer, Helpdesk Work Email :       Long.Tran@berkadia.com Desk No:              79961612 Contact No :        215-328-1612 Location :             Ambler, PA    ","us - ambler us - ambler tuesday, september 19, 2017 12:23 name : dante jackson position : engineer, helpdesk work email : dante.jackson@berkadia.com desk no: 79961609 contact : (215) 328-1609 location : ambler, pa name : greg bartle position : engineer, helpdesk work email : greg.bartle@berkadia.com desk no: 79961607 contact : (215) 328-1607 location : ambler, pa name : william (fry) frysinger position : team lead, helpdesk work email : william.frysinger@berkadia.com desk no: 79961710 contact : 267-800-8649 location : ambler, pa name : long nam tran position : engineer, helpdesk work email : long.tran@berkadia.com desk no: 79961612 contact : 215-328-1612 location : ambler, pa"
440,US - Atlanta," Sunday, November 26, 2017 6:38 AM Currently Recruiting    ","[72, 0, 186, 775]",[77],"US - Atlanta US - Atlanta US - Atlanta US - Atlanta US - Atlanta US - Atlanta US - Atlanta US - Atlanta US - Atlanta US - Atlanta   Sunday, November 26, 2017 6:38 AM Currently Recruiting    ","us - atlanta us - atlanta us - atlanta us - atlanta us - atlanta us - atlanta us - atlanta us - atlanta us - atlanta us - atlanta sunday, november 26, 2017 6:38 currently recruit","US - Atlanta US - Atlanta   Sunday, November 26, 2017 6:38 AM Currently Recruiting    ","us - atlanta us - atlanta sunday, november 26, 2017 6:38 currently recruit"
441,US - Chicago," Monday, September 18, 2017 2:44 PM Name :                 Rob Alford Position :             Jr. Desktop Engineer Work Email :       Robert.Alford@berkadia.com Desk No:              79965177 Contact No :       +1-312-845-5177 Location :             Chicago, IL, USA    ","[72, 0, 192, 775]",[71],"US - Chicago US - Chicago US - Chicago US - Chicago US - Chicago US - Chicago US - Chicago US - Chicago US - Chicago US - Chicago   Monday, September 18, 2017 2:44 PM Name :                 Rob Alford Position :             Jr. Desktop Engineer Work Email :       Robert.Alford@berkadia.com Desk No:              79965177 Contact No :       +1-312-845-5177 Location :             Chicago, IL, USA    ","us - chicago us - chicago us - chicago us - chicago us - chicago us - chicago us - chicago us - chicago us - chicago us - chicago monday, september 18, 2017 2:44 pm name : rob alford position : jr. desktop engineer work email : robert.alford@berkadia.com desk no: 79965177 contact : +1-312-845-5177 location : chicago, il, usa","US - Chicago US - Chicago   Monday, September 18, 2017 2:44 PM Name :                 Rob Alford Position :             Jr. Desktop Engineer Work Email :       Robert.Alford@berkadia.com Desk No:              79965177 Contact No :       +1-312-845-5177 Location :             Chicago, IL, USA    ","us - chicago us - chicago monday, september 18, 2017 2:44 pm name : rob alford position : jr. desktop engineer work email : robert.alford@berkadia.com desk no: 79965177 contact : +1-312-845-5177 location : chicago, il, usa"
442,US - Midvale," Monday, June 04, 2018 4:05 PM Name :                 Travis Hymas Position :             Engineer, Helpdesk Work Email :       Travis.Hymas@berkadia.com Desk No:              79969662 Contact No :       +1 (801) 285-9662 Location :             Midvale, UT    ","[72, 0, 166, 775]",[73],"US - Midvale US - Midvale US - Midvale US - Midvale US - Midvale US - Midvale US - Midvale US - Midvale US - Midvale US - Midvale   Monday, June 04, 2018 4:05 PM Name :                 Travis Hymas Position :             Engineer, Helpdesk Work Email :       Travis.Hymas@berkadia.com Desk No:              79969662 Contact No :       +1 (801) 285-9662 Location :             Midvale, UT    ","us - midvale us - midvale us - midvale us - midvale us - midvale us - midvale us - midvale us - midvale us - midvale us - midvale monday, june 04, 2018 4:05 pm name : travis hymas position : engineer, helpdesk work email : travis.hymas@berkadia.com desk no: 79969662 contact : +1 (801) 285-9662 location : midvale, ut","US - Midvale US - Midvale   Monday, June 04, 2018 4:05 PM Name :                 Travis Hymas Position :             Engineer, Helpdesk Work Email :       Travis.Hymas@berkadia.com Desk No:              79969662 Contact No :       +1 (801) 285-9662 Location :             Midvale, UT    ","us - midvale us - midvale monday, june 04, 2018 4:05 pm name : travis hymas position : engineer, helpdesk work email : travis.hymas@berkadia.com desk no: 79969662 contact : +1 (801) 285-9662 location : midvale, ut"
443,US – Houston," Tuesday, October 3, 2017 2:27 AM Name :                 Michael Higginbotham Position :             Engineer, Helpdesk Work Email :       michael.higginbotham@berkadia.com Desk No:              79962077 Contact No :        346-772-2077 Location :             Houston, TX    ","[72, 0, 175, 775]",[72],"US – Houston US – Houston US – Houston US – Houston US – Houston US – Houston US – Houston US – Houston US – Houston US – Houston   Tuesday, October 3, 2017 2:27 AM Name :                 Michael Higginbotham Position :             Engineer, Helpdesk Work Email :       michael.higginbotham@berkadia.com Desk No:              79962077 Contact No :        346-772-2077 Location :             Houston, TX    ","us – houston us – houston us – houston us – houston us – houston us – houston us – houston us – houston us – houston us – houston tuesday, october 3, 2017 2:27 name : michael higginbotham position : engineer, helpdesk work email : michael.higginbotham@berkadia.com desk no: 79962077 contact : 346-772-2077 location : houston, tx","US – Houston US – Houston   Tuesday, October 3, 2017 2:27 AM Name :                 Michael Higginbotham Position :             Engineer, Helpdesk Work Email :       michael.higginbotham@berkadia.com Desk No:              79962077 Contact No :        346-772-2077 Location :             Houston, TX    ","us – houston us – houston tuesday, october 3, 2017 2:27 name : michael higginbotham position : engineer, helpdesk work email : michael.higginbotham@berkadia.com desk no: 79962077 contact : 346-772-2077 location : houston, tx"
444,US – Phoenix ," Tuesday, September 19, 2017 12:23 AM Name :                 Chris White        Position :             Engineer, Helpdesk Work Email :       christopher.white_@berkadia.com Desk No:              79961621 Contact No :       602-445-1734 Location :             Phoenix, Arizona (MARC) Name :                 Diana Washington                  Position :             Team Lead, Helpdesk Work Email :       diana.washington@berkadia.com Desk No:              79961615 Contact No :       602-445-1726 Location :             Phoenix, Arizona (MARC)    ","[72, 0, 192, 775]",[74],"US – Phoenix  US – Phoenix  US – Phoenix  US – Phoenix  US – Phoenix  US – Phoenix  US – Phoenix  US – Phoenix  US – Phoenix  US – Phoenix    Tuesday, September 19, 2017 12:23 AM Name :                 Chris White        Position :             Engineer, Helpdesk Work Email :       christopher.white_@berkadia.com Desk No:              79961621 Contact No :       602-445-1734 Location :             Phoenix, Arizona (MARC) Name :                 Diana Washington                  Position :             Team Lead, Helpdesk Work Email :       diana.washington@berkadia.com Desk No:              79961615 Contact No :       602-445-1726 Location :             Phoenix, Arizona (MARC)    ","us – phoenix us – phoenix us – phoenix us – phoenix us – phoenix us – phoenix us – phoenix us – phoenix us – phoenix us – phoenix tuesday, september 19, 2017 12:23 name : chris white position : engineer, helpdesk work email : christopher.white_@berkadia.com desk no: 79961621 contact : 602-445-1734 location : phoenix, arizona (marc) name : diana washington position : team lead, helpdesk work email : diana.washington@berkadia.com desk no: 79961615 contact : 602-445-1726 location : phoenix, arizona (marc)","US – Phoenix  US – Phoenix    Tuesday, September 19, 2017 12:23 AM Name :                 Chris White        Position :             Engineer, Helpdesk Work Email :       christopher.white_@berkadia.com Desk No:              79961621 Contact No :       602-445-1734 Location :             Phoenix, Arizona (MARC) Name :                 Diana Washington                  Position :             Team Lead, Helpdesk Work Email :       diana.washington@berkadia.com Desk No:              79961615 Contact No :       602-445-1726 Location :             Phoenix, Arizona (MARC)    ","us – phoenix us – phoenix tuesday, september 19, 2017 12:23 name : chris white position : engineer, helpdesk work email : christopher.white_@berkadia.com desk no: 79961621 contact : 602-445-1734 location : phoenix, arizona (marc) name : diana washington position : team lead, helpdesk work email : diana.washington@berkadia.com desk no: 79961615 contact : 602-445-1726 location : phoenix, arizona (marc)"
445,Unable to print PDF file," Friday, April 6, 2018 9:08 AM *** More research needed for permanent solution *** This is a quick workaround fix if the user is unable to print PDF file and printout is showing  colorspace mismatch: https://answers.acrobatusers.com/PCL-XL-Error-q27529.aspx    ","[72, 0, 153, 775]",[1069],"Unable to print PDF file Unable to print PDF file Unable to print PDF file Unable to print PDF file Unable to print PDF file Unable to print PDF file Unable to print PDF file Unable to print PDF file Unable to print PDF file Unable to print PDF file   Friday, April 6, 2018 9:08 AM *** More research needed for permanent solution *** This is a quick workaround fix if the user is unable to print PDF file and printout is showing  colorspace mismatch: https://answers.acrobatusers.com/PCL-XL-Error-q27529.aspx    ","unable print pdf file unable print pdf file unable print pdf file unable print pdf file unable print pdf file unable print pdf file unable print pdf file unable print pdf file unable print pdf file unable print pdf file friday, april 6, 2018 9:08 *** research need permanent solution *** quick workaround fix user unable print pdf file printout show colorspace mismatch: https://answers.acrobatusers.com/pcl-xl-error-q27529.aspx","Unable to print PDF file Unable to print PDF file   Friday, April 6, 2018 9:08 AM *** More research needed for permanent solution *** This is a quick workaround fix if the user is unable to print PDF file and printout is showing  colorspace mismatch: https://answers.acrobatusers.com/PCL-XL-Error-q27529.aspx    ","unable print pdf file unable print pdf file friday, april 6, 2018 9:08 *** research need permanent solution *** quick workaround fix user unable print pdf file printout show colorspace mismatch: https://answers.acrobatusers.com/pcl-xl-error-q27529.aspx"
446,Unified  Write Filter(UWF) Service," Sunday, July 15, 2018 3:48 PM Prevents unauthorized changes or data stored to the local thin client. Once the thin client is restarted all the changes to the settings or data(Including User Profile) will be wiped out and the OS  will go to factory image state. Write Filter should always be Enabled on the thin clients unless you are making any change to the settings. 2 GB of memory is allocated for write filter and if that fills up users will get the error “ Your computer is running low on  memory and will restart” Had this low memory bug on the older image, New image is now ready and will be deployed to all thin clients in coming  weeks. There are few exception folders in Unified Write Filter so that changes made to those folders can be saved even after the TC  restart, It can be system settings or collecting logs for troubleshooting. The below Folders should always be present in the exclusions lists : When working on low memory or Auto restart issue on thin clients make sure that the cache size is set to 2048 MB and the  below folders are available in exception list. You can open Dell Wyse Unified Write Filter Control box from the System Tray. If it's in Green color the UWF Service is Enabled If it's in Red color the UWF service is Disabled         ","[60, 2, 60, 780]","[1049, 1050]","Unified  Write Filter(UWF) Service Unified  Write Filter(UWF) Service Unified  Write Filter(UWF) Service Unified  Write Filter(UWF) Service Unified  Write Filter(UWF) Service Unified  Write Filter(UWF) Service Unified  Write Filter(UWF) Service Unified  Write Filter(UWF) Service Unified  Write Filter(UWF) Service Unified  Write Filter(UWF) Service   Sunday, July 15, 2018 3:48 PM Prevents unauthorized changes or data stored to the local thin client. Once the thin client is restarted all the changes to the settings or data(Including User Profile) will be wiped out and the OS  will go to factory image state. Write Filter should always be Enabled on the thin clients unless you are making any change to the settings. 2 GB of memory is allocated for write filter and if that fills up users will get the error “ Your computer is running low on  memory and will restart” Had this low memory bug on the older image, New image is now ready and will be deployed to all thin clients in coming  weeks. There are few exception folders in Unified Write Filter so that changes made to those folders can be saved even after the TC  restart, It can be system settings or collecting logs for troubleshooting. The below Folders should always be present in the exclusions lists : When working on low memory or Auto restart issue on thin clients make sure that the cache size is set to 2048 MB and the  below folders are available in exception list. You can open Dell Wyse Unified Write Filter Control box from the System Tray. If it's in Green color the UWF Service is Enabled If it's in Red color the UWF service is Disabled         ","unify write filter(uwf) service unify write filter(uwf) service unify write filter(uwf) service unify write filter(uwf) service unify write filter(uwf) service unify write filter(uwf) service unify write filter(uwf) service unify write filter(uwf) service unify write filter(uwf) service unify write filter(uwf) service sunday, july 15, 2018 3:48 pm prevent unauthorized change data store local thin client. thin client restart change settings data(including user profile) wipe os go factory image state. write filter always enable thin clients unless make change settings. 2 gb memory allocate write filter fill users get error “ computer run low memory restart” low memory bug older image, new image ready deploy thin clients come weeks. exception folders unify write filter change make folders save even tc restart, system settings collect log troubleshooting. folders always present exclusions list : work low memory auto restart issue thin clients make sure cache size set 2048 mb folders available exception list. open dell wyse unify write filter control box system tray. green color uwf service enable red color uwf service disable","Unified  Write Filter(UWF) Service Unified  Write Filter(UWF) Service   Sunday, July 15, 2018 3:48 PM Prevents unauthorized changes or data stored to the local thin client. Once the thin client is restarted all the changes to the settings or data(Including User Profile) will be wiped out and the OS  will go to factory image state. Write Filter should always be Enabled on the thin clients unless you are making any change to the settings. 2 GB of memory is allocated for write filter and if that fills up users will get the error “ Your computer is running low on  memory and will restart” Had this low memory bug on the older image, New image is now ready and will be deployed to all thin clients in coming  weeks. There are few exception folders in Unified Write Filter so that changes made to those folders can be saved even after the TC  restart, It can be system settings or collecting logs for troubleshooting. The below Folders should always be present in the exclusions lists : When working on low memory or Auto restart issue on thin clients make sure that the cache size is set to 2048 MB and the  below folders are available in exception list. You can open Dell Wyse Unified Write Filter Control box from the System Tray. If it's in Green color the UWF Service is Enabled If it's in Red color the UWF service is Disabled         ","unify write filter(uwf) service unify write filter(uwf) service sunday, july 15, 2018 3:48 pm prevent unauthorized change data store local thin client. thin client restart change settings data(including user profile) wipe os go factory image state. write filter always enable thin clients unless make change settings. 2 gb memory allocate write filter fill users get error “ computer run low memory restart” low memory bug older image, new image ready deploy thin clients come weeks. exception folders unify write filter change make folders save even tc restart, system settings collect log troubleshooting. folders always present exclusions list : work low memory auto restart issue thin clients make sure cache size set 2048 mb folders available exception list. open dell wyse unify write filter control box system tray. green color uwf service enable red color uwf service disable"
447,"Uninstalling ApproveIt for a ""clean"" installation"," Monday, November 05, 2012 12:26 PM 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. Ensure you backup the user's signature(s) if they are on the C drive, the recommended  location is H.  Ensure all programs are closed before proceeding.  If ApproveIt or E-Sign  Desktop is installed, remove the product by going to Add/Remove programs or Programs and  features in the control panel and running the uninstaller.   Restart the computer once the program is uninstalled.  Have the user logon again if possible,  then browse to ""\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\Silanis_E-Sign_7_2_2\e-Sign Desktop 7.2.2  Beta""  Copy the Clean up tool for the appropriate operating system locally to C:\ and run it by  double clicking.   Restart computer again. Logon as the user or as administrator and verify Excel, Word and Internet Explorer open with  no errors.  If errors are present, please contact desktop engineering for further  troubleshooting.   Install latest version of E-Sign Desktop      Initially after a fresh install of Approve IT, or if Internet Explorer has  been reset, you may find yourself needing to perform a fix in the  registry. You'll know this is necessary if the user tries to approve an  item within EPM (eforms) and they are prompted to Browse to find ","[59, 737, 72, 779]","[394, 395]","Uninstalling ApproveIt for a ""clean"" installation Uninstalling ApproveIt for a ""clean"" installation Uninstalling ApproveIt for a ""clean"" installation Uninstalling ApproveIt for a ""clean"" installation Uninstalling ApproveIt for a ""clean"" installation Uninstalling ApproveIt for a ""clean"" installation Uninstalling ApproveIt for a ""clean"" installation Uninstalling ApproveIt for a ""clean"" installation Uninstalling ApproveIt for a ""clean"" installation Uninstalling ApproveIt for a ""clean"" installation   Monday, November 05, 2012 12:26 PM 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. Ensure you backup the user's signature(s) if they are on the C drive, the recommended  location is H.  Ensure all programs are closed before proceeding.  If ApproveIt or E-Sign  Desktop is installed, remove the product by going to Add/Remove programs or Programs and  features in the control panel and running the uninstaller.   Restart the computer once the program is uninstalled.  Have the user logon again if possible,  then browse to ""\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\Silanis_E-Sign_7_2_2\e-Sign Desktop 7.2.2  Beta""  Copy the Clean up tool for the appropriate operating system locally to C:\ and run it by  double clicking.   Restart computer again. Logon as the user or as administrator and verify Excel, Word and Internet Explorer open with  no errors.  If errors are present, please contact desktop engineering for further  troubleshooting.   Install latest version of E-Sign Desktop      Initially after a fresh install of Approve IT, or if Internet Explorer has  been reset, you may find yourself needing to perform a fix in the  registry. You'll know this is necessary if the user tries to approve an  item within EPM (eforms) and they are prompted to Browse to find ","uninstalling approveit ""clean"" installation uninstalling approveit ""clean"" installation uninstalling approveit ""clean"" installation uninstalling approveit ""clean"" installation uninstalling approveit ""clean"" installation uninstalling approveit ""clean"" installation uninstalling approveit ""clean"" installation uninstalling approveit ""clean"" installation uninstalling approveit ""clean"" installation uninstalling approveit ""clean"" installation monday, november 05, 2012 12:26 pm 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. ensure backup user's signature(s) c drive, recommend location h. ensure program close proceeding. approveit e-sign desktop installed, remove product go add/remove program program feature control panel run uninstaller. restart computer program uninstalled. user logon possible, browse ""\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\silanis_e-sign_7_2_2\e-sign desktop 7.2.2 beta"" copy clean tool appropriate operate system locally c:\ run double clicking. restart computer again. logon user administrator verify excel, word internet explorer open errors. errors present, please contact desktop engineer troubleshooting. install latest version e-sign desktop initially fresh install approve it, internet explorer reset, may find need perform fix registry. know necessary user try approve item within epm (eforms) prompt browse find","Uninstalling ApproveIt for a ""clean"" installation Uninstalling ApproveIt for a ""clean"" installation   Monday, November 05, 2012 12:26 PM 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. Ensure you backup the user's signature(s) if they are on the C drive, the recommended  location is H.  Ensure all programs are closed before proceeding.  If ApproveIt or E-Sign  Desktop is installed, remove the product by going to Add/Remove programs or Programs and  features in the control panel and running the uninstaller.   Restart the computer once the program is uninstalled.  Have the user logon again if possible,  then browse to ""\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\Silanis_E-Sign_7_2_2\e-Sign Desktop 7.2.2  Beta""  Copy the Clean up tool for the appropriate operating system locally to C:\ and run it by  double clicking.   Restart computer again. Logon as the user or as administrator and verify Excel, Word and Internet Explorer open with  no errors.  If errors are present, please contact desktop engineering for further  troubleshooting.   Install latest version of E-Sign Desktop      Initially after a fresh install of Approve IT, or if Internet Explorer has  been reset, you may find yourself needing to perform a fix in the  registry. You'll know this is necessary if the user tries to approve an  item within EPM (eforms) and they are prompted to Browse to find ","uninstalling approveit ""clean"" installation uninstalling approveit ""clean"" installation monday, november 05, 2012 12:26 pm 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. ensure backup user's signature(s) c drive, recommend location h. ensure program close proceeding. approveit e-sign desktop installed, remove product go add/remove program program feature control panel run uninstaller. restart computer program uninstalled. user logon possible, browse ""\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\silanis_e-sign_7_2_2\e-sign desktop 7.2.2 beta"" copy clean tool appropriate operate system locally c:\ run double clicking. restart computer again. logon user administrator verify excel, word internet explorer open errors. errors present, please contact desktop engineer troubleshooting. install latest version e-sign desktop initially fresh install approve it, internet explorer reset, may find need perform fix registry. know necessary user try approve item within epm (eforms) prompt browse find"
448,Updating Phone Number and Signature," Wednesday, October 11, 2017 2:39 PM Please follow these instructions to assist users with changing their phone number in the new MyHR.  Make sure ExSync.exe is running as well.         ","[65, 1, 65, 778]","[194, 195]","Updating Phone Number and Signature Updating Phone Number and Signature Updating Phone Number and Signature Updating Phone Number and Signature Updating Phone Number and Signature Updating Phone Number and Signature Updating Phone Number and Signature Updating Phone Number and Signature Updating Phone Number and Signature Updating Phone Number and Signature   Wednesday, October 11, 2017 2:39 PM Please follow these instructions to assist users with changing their phone number in the new MyHR.  Make sure ExSync.exe is running as well.         ","update phone number signature update phone number signature update phone number signature update phone number signature update phone number signature update phone number signature update phone number signature update phone number signature update phone number signature update phone number signature wednesday, october 11, 2017 2:39 pm please follow instructions assist users change phone number new myhr. make sure exsync.exe run well.","Updating Phone Number and Signature Updating Phone Number and Signature   Wednesday, October 11, 2017 2:39 PM Please follow these instructions to assist users with changing their phone number in the new MyHR.  Make sure ExSync.exe is running as well.         ","update phone number signature update phone number signature wednesday, october 11, 2017 2:39 pm please follow instructions assist users change phone number new myhr. make sure exsync.exe run well."
449,Uploading a File," Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:37 AM Uploading a File 1.) Click the ‘Upload’ button located near the top-right corner of the ‘My Files’ page. 2.) When the pop-up box appears, you may select an expiration date (7 day limit), add notes to  the file (250 character limit), and scan for viruses. 3.) 4.) Finally, click ‘Browse and Upload’ to select a file from your computer to upload to Filelocker  File page with the options previously specified. Congratulation, your file has been uploaded. Learn about Sharing a File with Berkadia users and Third Parties.    ","[72, 0, 460, 779]",[764],"Uploading a File Uploading a File Uploading a File Uploading a File Uploading a File Uploading a File Uploading a File Uploading a File Uploading a File Uploading a File   Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:37 AM Uploading a File 1.) Click the ‘Upload’ button located near the top-right corner of the ‘My Files’ page. 2.) When the pop-up box appears, you may select an expiration date (7 day limit), add notes to  the file (250 character limit), and scan for viruses. 3.) 4.) Finally, click ‘Browse and Upload’ to select a file from your computer to upload to Filelocker  File page with the options previously specified. Congratulation, your file has been uploaded. Learn about Sharing a File with Berkadia users and Third Parties.    ","upload file upload file upload file upload file upload file upload file upload file upload file upload file upload file thursday, december 13, 2012 11:37 upload file 1.) click ‘upload’ button locate near top-right corner ‘my files’ page. 2.) pop-up box appears, may select expiration date (7 day limit), add note file (250 character limit), scan viruses. 3.) 4.) finally, click ‘browse upload’ select file computer upload filelocker file page options previously specified. congratulation, file uploaded. learn share file berkadia users third parties.","Uploading a File Uploading a File   Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:37 AM Uploading a File 1.) Click the ‘Upload’ button located near the top-right corner of the ‘My Files’ page. 2.) When the pop-up box appears, you may select an expiration date (7 day limit), add notes to  the file (250 character limit), and scan for viruses. 3.) 4.) Finally, click ‘Browse and Upload’ to select a file from your computer to upload to Filelocker  File page with the options previously specified. Congratulation, your file has been uploaded. Learn about Sharing a File with Berkadia users and Third Parties.    ","upload file upload file thursday, december 13, 2012 11:37 upload file 1.) click ‘upload’ button locate near top-right corner ‘my files’ page. 2.) pop-up box appears, may select expiration date (7 day limit), add note file (250 character limit), scan viruses. 3.) 4.) finally, click ‘browse upload’ select file computer upload filelocker file page options previously specified. congratulation, file uploaded. learn share file berkadia users third parties."
450,Use you network credentials to login to your remote desktop,"           RDP For Mac/Apple Tuesday, May 13, 2014 2:37 PM Configuring Microsoft Remote Desktop – For Mac, iPhone, iPad / Android devices RemoteApps from https://remote.berkadia.com are not accessible from a Mac, Apple and  Android devices. Users can use the Remote Desktop function to connect to their office  computer by purchasing/downloading and installing a utility called Microsoft Remote  Desktop.  Please follow the instructions below to configure Microsoft Remote Desktop. 1. 2. Purchase and install Microsoft Remote Desktop from the App Store or Google Play Store   Once installed, open Microsoft Remote Desktop and click the  Settings button in the  under configuration 3. In the next window select Gateway 4. 5. Then select Add Gateway Select the No gateway configured box and it will open up to a Gateway configuration  screen.     6. 7. 8. 9. Next you will select Gateway Name and name the connection TS Gateway. Then click  save. Next select the Server box and put in the server name of rdgateway.berkadia.com, then  click save Then select the Credentials box and type in your user name as shown in the example  below. gmaccm\username Do not put in your password. Please leave this blank, click save again. 10. Your configured Gateway connection should look like below aside from the username. 11. 12. Then click Gateway in the upper left hand corner and then Settings to return to the  main screen. Then select New Remote Desktop     13. 14. 15. 16. 17. 18. Now we will configure your computer name and connection information Connection Name – Will be called My Work Computer PC Name - Will be your computer name like in the example below. If you don’t know the  name please contact the Help Desk as they can provide it for you. User Name - will be as before gmaccm\username also leave the password field blank  like before. Gateway – Select the Gateway connection we created earlier TS Gateway. All other settings can be left to default. 19. 20. Once completed with the Remote Desktop Settings click Save. To return to the main  screen. Once on the main screen select My Work Computer.     21. 22. 23. You will be prompted for your Berkadia network password. Then select login. You will be prompted a second time for your Berkadia network password. Please enter  it again and click login. Next you might be prompted for a Server Certificate. Please select Connect Always. 24. After this you have successfully connected to your work computer. There is a  Zoom function located at the top of the screen as well as the on Screen Keyboard. 25. For any additional questions or concerns please contact the Berkadia Help Desk @  1-888-975-4375 or email help.desk@berkadia.com      1-888-975-4375 or email help.desk@berkadia.com 26. 27. Mouse Modes The mouse modes available are defined in the table. Note  Direct multi-touch is available when  connected to a remote PC running  Windows 8 or newer. Windows 8  gestures take higher priority over gestures  in the table.  ID  Mode  Mouse  Gesture  10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 Direct  Touch Direct  Touch Direct  Touch Direct  Touch Direct  Touch Direct  Touch Mouse  Pointer Mouse  Pointer Mouse  Pointer Mouse  Pointer Mouse  Pointer operation  Move  pointer Finger is  pointer Left click 1 finger tap Left click  and Drag 1 finger tap  and drag Right  click 1 finger tap  and hold Right  click and  Drag 1 finger tap  and hold, then  drag Mouse  wheel Move  pointer Not supported 1 finger tap  and drag Left click 1 finger tap Left click  and drag Right  click 1 finger  double tap and  hold, then drag 2 finger tap Right  click and  drag 2 finger  double tap and  hold Mouse  Pointer Mouse  wheel 2 finger tap  and hold, then  drag up/down Direct  Multitouc Direct  Multitouc Direct  Multitouc Direct  Multitouc Move  pointer Finger is  pointer Left click 1 finger tap Left click  and drag 1 finger tap  and hold, then  drag Right  click 1 finger tap  and hold Direct  Multitouc Right  click and  drag 1 finger tap  and hold, then  drag      Friday, September 25, 2015 8:30 AM           Shortcut            Description Command-X Cut: Remove the selected item and copy it to the Clipboard. Command-C Copy the selected item to the Clipboard. This also works for files in  the Finder. Command-V Paste the contents of the Clipboard into the current document or  app. This also works for files in the Finder. Command-Z Undo the previous command. You can then press Command-Shift- Z to Redo, reversing the undo command. In some apps, you can  undo and redo multiple commands. Command-A Select All items. Command-F Find: Open a Find window, or find items in a document. Command-G Find Again: Find the next occurrence of the item previously found.  To find the previous occurrence, press Command-Shift-G. Command-H Hide the windows of the front app. To view the front app but hide  all other apps, press Command-Option-H. Command-M Minimize the front window to the Dock. To minimize all windows of  the front app, press Command-Option-M. Command-N New: Open an new document or window. Command-O Open the selected item, or open a dialog to select a file to open. Command-P Print the current document. Command-S Save the current document. Command-W Close the front window. To close all windows of the app, press  Command-Option-W. Command-Q Quit the app. Command- Option-Esc Command– Space bar Force Quit: Choose an app to force quit. Or press Command-Shift- Option-Esc and hold for 3 seconds to force just the front app to  quit. Spotlight: Show or hide the Spotlight search field. To perform a  Spotlight search from a Finder window, press Command– Option–Space bar. If you use multiple input sources to type in  different languages, these shortcuts change input sources instead  of showing Spotlight. Space bar Quick Look: Use Quick Look to preview the selected item. Command- Tab Switch apps: Switch to the next most recently used app among your  open apps. Command- Switch windows: Switch to the next most recently used window of       Command- Shift-Tilde (~) Switch windows: Switch to the next most recently used window of  the front app. Command- Shift-3 Screenshot: Take a screenshot of the entire screen. Learn more  screenshot shortcuts. Preferences: Open preferences for the front app. Command- Comma (,)","[72, 698, 69, 9]","[494, 502]","Use you network credentials to login to your remote desktop Use you network credentials to login to your remote desktop Use you network credentials to login to your remote desktop Use you network credentials to login to your remote desktop Use you network credentials to login to your remote desktop Use you network credentials to login to your remote desktop Use you network credentials to login to your remote desktop Use you network credentials to login to your remote desktop Use you network credentials to login to your remote desktop Use you network credentials to login to your remote desktop             RDP For Mac/Apple Tuesday, May 13, 2014 2:37 PM Configuring Microsoft Remote Desktop – For Mac, iPhone, iPad / Android devices RemoteApps from https://remote.berkadia.com are not accessible from a Mac, Apple and  Android devices. Users can use the Remote Desktop function to connect to their office  computer by purchasing/downloading and installing a utility called Microsoft Remote  Desktop.  Please follow the instructions below to configure Microsoft Remote Desktop. 1. 2. Purchase and install Microsoft Remote Desktop from the App Store or Google Play Store   Once installed, open Microsoft Remote Desktop and click the  Settings button in the  under configuration 3. In the next window select Gateway 4. 5. Then select Add Gateway Select the No gateway configured box and it will open up to a Gateway configuration  screen.     6. 7. 8. 9. Next you will select Gateway Name and name the connection TS Gateway. Then click  save. Next select the Server box and put in the server name of rdgateway.berkadia.com, then  click save Then select the Credentials box and type in your user name as shown in the example  below. gmaccm\username Do not put in your password. Please leave this blank, click save again. 10. Your configured Gateway connection should look like below aside from the username. 11. 12. Then click Gateway in the upper left hand corner and then Settings to return to the  main screen. Then select New Remote Desktop     13. 14. 15. 16. 17. 18. Now we will configure your computer name and connection information Connection Name – Will be called My Work Computer PC Name - Will be your computer name like in the example below. If you don’t know the  name please contact the Help Desk as they can provide it for you. User Name - will be as before gmaccm\username also leave the password field blank  like before. Gateway – Select the Gateway connection we created earlier TS Gateway. All other settings can be left to default. 19. 20. Once completed with the Remote Desktop Settings click Save. To return to the main  screen. Once on the main screen select My Work Computer.     21. 22. 23. You will be prompted for your Berkadia network password. Then select login. You will be prompted a second time for your Berkadia network password. Please enter  it again and click login. Next you might be prompted for a Server Certificate. Please select Connect Always. 24. After this you have successfully connected to your work computer. There is a  Zoom function located at the top of the screen as well as the on Screen Keyboard. 25. For any additional questions or concerns please contact the Berkadia Help Desk @  1-888-975-4375 or email help.desk@berkadia.com      1-888-975-4375 or email help.desk@berkadia.com 26. 27. Mouse Modes The mouse modes available are defined in the table. Note  Direct multi-touch is available when  connected to a remote PC running  Windows 8 or newer. Windows 8  gestures take higher priority over gestures  in the table.  ID  Mode  Mouse  Gesture  10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 Direct  Touch Direct  Touch Direct  Touch Direct  Touch Direct  Touch Direct  Touch Mouse  Pointer Mouse  Pointer Mouse  Pointer Mouse  Pointer Mouse  Pointer operation  Move  pointer Finger is  pointer Left click 1 finger tap Left click  and Drag 1 finger tap  and drag Right  click 1 finger tap  and hold Right  click and  Drag 1 finger tap  and hold, then  drag Mouse  wheel Move  pointer Not supported 1 finger tap  and drag Left click 1 finger tap Left click  and drag Right  click 1 finger  double tap and  hold, then drag 2 finger tap Right  click and  drag 2 finger  double tap and  hold Mouse  Pointer Mouse  wheel 2 finger tap  and hold, then  drag up/down Direct  Multitouc Direct  Multitouc Direct  Multitouc Direct  Multitouc Move  pointer Finger is  pointer Left click 1 finger tap Left click  and drag 1 finger tap  and hold, then  drag Right  click 1 finger tap  and hold Direct  Multitouc Right  click and  drag 1 finger tap  and hold, then  drag      Friday, September 25, 2015 8:30 AM           Shortcut            Description Command-X Cut: Remove the selected item and copy it to the Clipboard. Command-C Copy the selected item to the Clipboard. This also works for files in  the Finder. Command-V Paste the contents of the Clipboard into the current document or  app. This also works for files in the Finder. Command-Z Undo the previous command. You can then press Command-Shift- Z to Redo, reversing the undo command. In some apps, you can  undo and redo multiple commands. Command-A Select All items. Command-F Find: Open a Find window, or find items in a document. Command-G Find Again: Find the next occurrence of the item previously found.  To find the previous occurrence, press Command-Shift-G. Command-H Hide the windows of the front app. To view the front app but hide  all other apps, press Command-Option-H. Command-M Minimize the front window to the Dock. To minimize all windows of  the front app, press Command-Option-M. Command-N New: Open an new document or window. Command-O Open the selected item, or open a dialog to select a file to open. Command-P Print the current document. Command-S Save the current document. Command-W Close the front window. To close all windows of the app, press  Command-Option-W. Command-Q Quit the app. Command- Option-Esc Command– Space bar Force Quit: Choose an app to force quit. Or press Command-Shift- Option-Esc and hold for 3 seconds to force just the front app to  quit. Spotlight: Show or hide the Spotlight search field. To perform a  Spotlight search from a Finder window, press Command– Option–Space bar. If you use multiple input sources to type in  different languages, these shortcuts change input sources instead  of showing Spotlight. Space bar Quick Look: Use Quick Look to preview the selected item. Command- Tab Switch apps: Switch to the next most recently used app among your  open apps. Command- Switch windows: Switch to the next most recently used window of       Command- Shift-Tilde (~) Switch windows: Switch to the next most recently used window of  the front app. Command- Shift-3 Screenshot: Take a screenshot of the entire screen. Learn more  screenshot shortcuts. Preferences: Open preferences for the front app. Command- Comma (,)","use network credentials login remote desktop use network credentials login remote desktop use network credentials login remote desktop use network credentials login remote desktop use network credentials login remote desktop use network credentials login remote desktop use network credentials login remote desktop use network credentials login remote desktop use network credentials login remote desktop use network credentials login remote desktop rdp mac/apple tuesday, may 13, 2014 2:37 pm configure microsoft remote desktop – mac, iphone, ipad / android devices remoteapps https://remote.berkadia.com accessible mac, apple android devices. users use remote desktop function connect office computer purchasing/downloading instal utility call microsoft remote desktop. please follow instructions configure microsoft remote desktop. 1. 2. purchase install microsoft remote desktop app store google play store installed, open microsoft remote desktop click settings button configuration 3. next window select gateway 4. 5. select add gateway select gateway configure box open gateway configuration screen. 6. 7. 8. 9. next select gateway name name connection ts gateway. click save. next select server box put server name rdgateway.berkadia.com, click save select credentials box type user name show example below. gmaccm\username put password. please leave blank, click save again. 10. configure gateway connection look like aside username. 11. 12. click gateway upper leave hand corner settings return main screen. select new remote desktop 13. 14. 15. 16. 17. 18. configure computer name connection information connection name – call work computer pc name - computer name like example below. don’t know name please contact help desk provide you. user name - gmaccm\username also leave password field blank like before. gateway – select gateway connection create earlier ts gateway. settings leave default. 19. 20. complete remote desktop settings click save. return main screen. main screen select work computer. 21. 22. 23. prompt berkadia network password. select login. prompt second time berkadia network password. please enter click login. next might prompt server certificate. please select connect always. 24. successfully connect work computer. zoom function locate top screen well screen keyboard. 25. additional question concern please contact berkadia help desk @ 1-888-975-4375 email help.desk@berkadia.com 1-888-975-4375 email help.desk@berkadia.com 26. 27. mouse modes mouse modes available define table. note direct multi-touch available connect remote pc run windows 8 newer. windows 8 gesture take higher priority gesture table. id mode mouse gesture 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 direct touch direct touch direct touch direct touch direct touch direct touch mouse pointer mouse pointer mouse pointer mouse pointer mouse pointer operation move pointer finger pointer leave click 1 finger tap leave click drag 1 finger tap drag right click 1 finger tap hold right click drag 1 finger tap hold, drag mouse wheel move pointer support 1 finger tap drag leave click 1 finger tap leave click drag right click 1 finger double tap hold, drag 2 finger tap right click drag 2 finger double tap hold mouse pointer mouse wheel 2 finger tap hold, drag up/down direct multitouc direct multitouc direct multitouc direct multitouc move pointer finger pointer leave click 1 finger tap leave click drag 1 finger tap hold, drag right click 1 finger tap hold direct multitouc right click drag 1 finger tap hold, drag friday, september 25, 2015 8:30 shortcut description command-x cut: remove select item copy clipboard. command-c copy select item clipboard. also work file finder. command-v paste content clipboard current document app. also work file finder. command-z undo previous command. press command-shift- z redo, reverse undo command. apps, undo redo multiple commands. command-a select items. command-f find: open find window, find items document. command-g find again: find next occurrence item previously found. find previous occurrence, press command-shift-g. command-h hide windows front app. view front app hide apps, press command-option-h. command-m minimize front window dock. minimize windows front app, press command-option-m. command-n new: open new document window. command-o open select item, open dialog select file open. command-p print current document. command-s save current document. command-w close front window. close windows app, press command-option-w. command-q quit app. command- option-esc command– space bar force quit: choose app force quit. press command-shift- option-esc hold 3 second force front app quit. spotlight: show hide spotlight search field. perform spotlight search finder window, press command– option–space bar. use multiple input source type different languages, shortcuts change input source instead show spotlight. space bar quick look: use quick look preview select item. command- tab switch apps: switch next recently use app among open apps. command- switch windows: switch next recently use window command- shift-tilde (~) switch windows: switch next recently use window front app. command- shift-3 screenshot: take screenshot entire screen. learn screenshot shortcuts. preferences: open preferences front app. command- comma (,)","Use you network credentials to login to your remote desktop Use you network credentials to login to your remote desktop             RDP For Mac/Apple Tuesday, May 13, 2014 2:37 PM Configuring Microsoft Remote Desktop – For Mac, iPhone, iPad / Android devices RemoteApps from https://remote.berkadia.com are not accessible from a Mac, Apple and  Android devices. Users can use the Remote Desktop function to connect to their office  computer by purchasing/downloading and installing a utility called Microsoft Remote  Desktop.  Please follow the instructions below to configure Microsoft Remote Desktop. 1. 2. Purchase and install Microsoft Remote Desktop from the App Store or Google Play Store   Once installed, open Microsoft Remote Desktop and click the  Settings button in the  under configuration 3. In the next window select Gateway 4. 5. Then select Add Gateway Select the No gateway configured box and it will open up to a Gateway configuration  screen.     6. 7. 8. 9. Next you will select Gateway Name and name the connection TS Gateway. Then click  save. Next select the Server box and put in the server name of rdgateway.berkadia.com, then  click save Then select the Credentials box and type in your user name as shown in the example  below. gmaccm\username Do not put in your password. Please leave this blank, click save again. 10. Your configured Gateway connection should look like below aside from the username. 11. 12. Then click Gateway in the upper left hand corner and then Settings to return to the  main screen. Then select New Remote Desktop     13. 14. 15. 16. 17. 18. Now we will configure your computer name and connection information Connection Name – Will be called My Work Computer PC Name - Will be your computer name like in the example below. If you don’t know the  name please contact the Help Desk as they can provide it for you. User Name - will be as before gmaccm\username also leave the password field blank  like before. Gateway – Select the Gateway connection we created earlier TS Gateway. All other settings can be left to default. 19. 20. Once completed with the Remote Desktop Settings click Save. To return to the main  screen. Once on the main screen select My Work Computer.     21. 22. 23. You will be prompted for your Berkadia network password. Then select login. You will be prompted a second time for your Berkadia network password. Please enter  it again and click login. Next you might be prompted for a Server Certificate. Please select Connect Always. 24. After this you have successfully connected to your work computer. There is a  Zoom function located at the top of the screen as well as the on Screen Keyboard. 25. For any additional questions or concerns please contact the Berkadia Help Desk @  1-888-975-4375 or email help.desk@berkadia.com      1-888-975-4375 or email help.desk@berkadia.com 26. 27. Mouse Modes The mouse modes available are defined in the table. Note  Direct multi-touch is available when  connected to a remote PC running  Windows 8 or newer. Windows 8  gestures take higher priority over gestures  in the table.  ID  Mode  Mouse  Gesture  10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 Direct  Touch Direct  Touch Direct  Touch Direct  Touch Direct  Touch Direct  Touch Mouse  Pointer Mouse  Pointer Mouse  Pointer Mouse  Pointer Mouse  Pointer operation  Move  pointer Finger is  pointer Left click 1 finger tap Left click  and Drag 1 finger tap  and drag Right  click 1 finger tap  and hold Right  click and  Drag 1 finger tap  and hold, then  drag Mouse  wheel Move  pointer Not supported 1 finger tap  and drag Left click 1 finger tap Left click  and drag Right  click 1 finger  double tap and  hold, then drag 2 finger tap Right  click and  drag 2 finger  double tap and  hold Mouse  Pointer Mouse  wheel 2 finger tap  and hold, then  drag up/down Direct  Multitouc Direct  Multitouc Direct  Multitouc Direct  Multitouc Move  pointer Finger is  pointer Left click 1 finger tap Left click  and drag 1 finger tap  and hold, then  drag Right  click 1 finger tap  and hold Direct  Multitouc Right  click and  drag 1 finger tap  and hold, then  drag      Friday, September 25, 2015 8:30 AM           Shortcut            Description Command-X Cut: Remove the selected item and copy it to the Clipboard. Command-C Copy the selected item to the Clipboard. This also works for files in  the Finder. Command-V Paste the contents of the Clipboard into the current document or  app. This also works for files in the Finder. Command-Z Undo the previous command. You can then press Command-Shift- Z to Redo, reversing the undo command. In some apps, you can  undo and redo multiple commands. Command-A Select All items. Command-F Find: Open a Find window, or find items in a document. Command-G Find Again: Find the next occurrence of the item previously found.  To find the previous occurrence, press Command-Shift-G. Command-H Hide the windows of the front app. To view the front app but hide  all other apps, press Command-Option-H. Command-M Minimize the front window to the Dock. To minimize all windows of  the front app, press Command-Option-M. Command-N New: Open an new document or window. Command-O Open the selected item, or open a dialog to select a file to open. Command-P Print the current document. Command-S Save the current document. Command-W Close the front window. To close all windows of the app, press  Command-Option-W. Command-Q Quit the app. Command- Option-Esc Command– Space bar Force Quit: Choose an app to force quit. Or press Command-Shift- Option-Esc and hold for 3 seconds to force just the front app to  quit. Spotlight: Show or hide the Spotlight search field. To perform a  Spotlight search from a Finder window, press Command– Option–Space bar. If you use multiple input sources to type in  different languages, these shortcuts change input sources instead  of showing Spotlight. Space bar Quick Look: Use Quick Look to preview the selected item. Command- Tab Switch apps: Switch to the next most recently used app among your  open apps. Command- Switch windows: Switch to the next most recently used window of       Command- Shift-Tilde (~) Switch windows: Switch to the next most recently used window of  the front app. Command- Shift-3 Screenshot: Take a screenshot of the entire screen. Learn more  screenshot shortcuts. Preferences: Open preferences for the front app. Command- Comma (,)","use network credentials login remote desktop use network credentials login remote desktop rdp mac/apple tuesday, may 13, 2014 2:37 pm configure microsoft remote desktop – mac, iphone, ipad / android devices remoteapps https://remote.berkadia.com accessible mac, apple android devices. users use remote desktop function connect office computer purchasing/downloading instal utility call microsoft remote desktop. please follow instructions configure microsoft remote desktop. 1. 2. purchase install microsoft remote desktop app store google play store installed, open microsoft remote desktop click settings button configuration 3. next window select gateway 4. 5. select add gateway select gateway configure box open gateway configuration screen. 6. 7. 8. 9. next select gateway name name connection ts gateway. click save. next select server box put server name rdgateway.berkadia.com, click save select credentials box type user name show example below. gmaccm\username put password. please leave blank, click save again. 10. configure gateway connection look like aside username. 11. 12. click gateway upper leave hand corner settings return main screen. select new remote desktop 13. 14. 15. 16. 17. 18. configure computer name connection information connection name – call work computer pc name - computer name like example below. don’t know name please contact help desk provide you. user name - gmaccm\username also leave password field blank like before. gateway – select gateway connection create earlier ts gateway. settings leave default. 19. 20. complete remote desktop settings click save. return main screen. main screen select work computer. 21. 22. 23. prompt berkadia network password. select login. prompt second time berkadia network password. please enter click login. next might prompt server certificate. please select connect always. 24. successfully connect work computer. zoom function locate top screen well screen keyboard. 25. additional question concern please contact berkadia help desk @ 1-888-975-4375 email help.desk@berkadia.com 1-888-975-4375 email help.desk@berkadia.com 26. 27. mouse modes mouse modes available define table. note direct multi-touch available connect remote pc run windows 8 newer. windows 8 gesture take higher priority gesture table. id mode mouse gesture 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 direct touch direct touch direct touch direct touch direct touch direct touch mouse pointer mouse pointer mouse pointer mouse pointer mouse pointer operation move pointer finger pointer leave click 1 finger tap leave click drag 1 finger tap drag right click 1 finger tap hold right click drag 1 finger tap hold, drag mouse wheel move pointer support 1 finger tap drag leave click 1 finger tap leave click drag right click 1 finger double tap hold, drag 2 finger tap right click drag 2 finger double tap hold mouse pointer mouse wheel 2 finger tap hold, drag up/down direct multitouc direct multitouc direct multitouc direct multitouc move pointer finger pointer leave click 1 finger tap leave click drag 1 finger tap hold, drag right click 1 finger tap hold direct multitouc right click drag 1 finger tap hold, drag friday, september 25, 2015 8:30 shortcut description command-x cut: remove select item copy clipboard. command-c copy select item clipboard. also work file finder. command-v paste content clipboard current document app. also work file finder. command-z undo previous command. press command-shift- z redo, reverse undo command. apps, undo redo multiple commands. command-a select items. command-f find: open find window, find items document. command-g find again: find next occurrence item previously found. find previous occurrence, press command-shift-g. command-h hide windows front app. view front app hide apps, press command-option-h. command-m minimize front window dock. minimize windows front app, press command-option-m. command-n new: open new document window. command-o open select item, open dialog select file open. command-p print current document. command-s save current document. command-w close front window. close windows app, press command-option-w. command-q quit app. command- option-esc command– space bar force quit: choose app force quit. press command-shift- option-esc hold 3 second force front app quit. spotlight: show hide spotlight search field. perform spotlight search finder window, press command– option–space bar. use multiple input source type different languages, shortcuts change input source instead show spotlight. space bar quick look: use quick look preview select item. command- tab switch apps: switch next recently use app among open apps. command- switch windows: switch next recently use window command- shift-tilde (~) switch windows: switch next recently use window front app. command- shift-3 screenshot: take screenshot entire screen. learn screenshot shortcuts. preferences: open preferences front app. command- comma (,)"
451,Using Internet Explorer on Windows 10," Thursday, January 7, 2016 9:23 AM Please use the attached to send to a user who is having trouble locating Internet Explorer in  Windows 10 Windows 10 is Microsoft’s new OS that comes loaded on all new Windows computers. Amongst the  changes in Windows 10 Microsoft has included a brand new web browser called Edge, which has  been designed to replace the old Internet Explorer browser. Unfortunately, due to the “newness” of  Edge, it still is not compatible with a lot of line of business applications. Case in point, you cannot access remote.berkadia.com when you are using Edge, you need to use  Internet Explorer. Luckily Microsoft foresaw issues like this, and included Internet Explorer with  Windows 10. So Internet Explorer is there, they just don’t want you to use it unless you have to, so it  is not easy to find. Let us help you out. To launch Internet Explorer in Windows 10- 1. 2. Click the Start button in the bottom left hand corner of the screen Click All Apps 3. Scroll all the way down and click on Windows Accessories 4. Click on Internet Explorer to launch 5.     You can also right click on the Internet Explorer icon and pin it to the Start Menu and/or  taskbar so that you don’t have hunt for it every time you need to use it  Using Internet E...    ","[72, 0, 70, 675]","[673, 674]","Using Internet Explorer on Windows 10 Using Internet Explorer on Windows 10 Using Internet Explorer on Windows 10 Using Internet Explorer on Windows 10 Using Internet Explorer on Windows 10 Using Internet Explorer on Windows 10 Using Internet Explorer on Windows 10 Using Internet Explorer on Windows 10 Using Internet Explorer on Windows 10 Using Internet Explorer on Windows 10   Thursday, January 7, 2016 9:23 AM Please use the attached to send to a user who is having trouble locating Internet Explorer in  Windows 10 Windows 10 is Microsoft’s new OS that comes loaded on all new Windows computers. Amongst the  changes in Windows 10 Microsoft has included a brand new web browser called Edge, which has  been designed to replace the old Internet Explorer browser. Unfortunately, due to the “newness” of  Edge, it still is not compatible with a lot of line of business applications. Case in point, you cannot access remote.berkadia.com when you are using Edge, you need to use  Internet Explorer. Luckily Microsoft foresaw issues like this, and included Internet Explorer with  Windows 10. So Internet Explorer is there, they just don’t want you to use it unless you have to, so it  is not easy to find. Let us help you out. To launch Internet Explorer in Windows 10- 1. 2. Click the Start button in the bottom left hand corner of the screen Click All Apps 3. Scroll all the way down and click on Windows Accessories 4. Click on Internet Explorer to launch 5.     You can also right click on the Internet Explorer icon and pin it to the Start Menu and/or  taskbar so that you don’t have hunt for it every time you need to use it  Using Internet E...    ","use internet explorer windows 10 use internet explorer windows 10 use internet explorer windows 10 use internet explorer windows 10 use internet explorer windows 10 use internet explorer windows 10 use internet explorer windows 10 use internet explorer windows 10 use internet explorer windows 10 use internet explorer windows 10 thursday, january 7, 2016 9:23 please use attach send user trouble locate internet explorer windows 10 windows 10 microsoft’s new os come load new windows computers. amongst change windows 10 microsoft include brand new web browser call edge, design replace old internet explorer browser. unfortunately, due “newness” edge, still compatible lot line business applications. case point, cannot access remote.berkadia.com use edge, need use internet explorer. luckily microsoft foresee issue like this, include internet explorer windows 10. internet explorer there, don’t want use unless to, easy find. let us help out. launch internet explorer windows 10- 1. 2. click start button bottom leave hand corner screen click apps 3. scroll way click windows accessories 4. click internet explorer launch 5. also right click internet explorer icon pin start menu and/or taskbar don’t hunt every time need use use internet e...","Using Internet Explorer on Windows 10 Using Internet Explorer on Windows 10   Thursday, January 7, 2016 9:23 AM Please use the attached to send to a user who is having trouble locating Internet Explorer in  Windows 10 Windows 10 is Microsoft’s new OS that comes loaded on all new Windows computers. Amongst the  changes in Windows 10 Microsoft has included a brand new web browser called Edge, which has  been designed to replace the old Internet Explorer browser. Unfortunately, due to the “newness” of  Edge, it still is not compatible with a lot of line of business applications. Case in point, you cannot access remote.berkadia.com when you are using Edge, you need to use  Internet Explorer. Luckily Microsoft foresaw issues like this, and included Internet Explorer with  Windows 10. So Internet Explorer is there, they just don’t want you to use it unless you have to, so it  is not easy to find. Let us help you out. To launch Internet Explorer in Windows 10- 1. 2. Click the Start button in the bottom left hand corner of the screen Click All Apps 3. Scroll all the way down and click on Windows Accessories 4. Click on Internet Explorer to launch 5.     You can also right click on the Internet Explorer icon and pin it to the Start Menu and/or  taskbar so that you don’t have hunt for it every time you need to use it  Using Internet E...    ","use internet explorer windows 10 use internet explorer windows 10 thursday, january 7, 2016 9:23 please use attach send user trouble locate internet explorer windows 10 windows 10 microsoft’s new os come load new windows computers. amongst change windows 10 microsoft include brand new web browser call edge, design replace old internet explorer browser. unfortunately, due “newness” edge, still compatible lot line business applications. case point, cannot access remote.berkadia.com use edge, need use internet explorer. luckily microsoft foresee issue like this, include internet explorer windows 10. internet explorer there, don’t want use unless to, easy find. let us help out. launch internet explorer windows 10- 1. 2. click start button bottom leave hand corner screen click apps 3. scroll way click windows accessories 4. click internet explorer launch 5. also right click internet explorer icon pin start menu and/or taskbar don’t hunt every time need use use internet e..."
452,VNC Viewer," Sunday, July 15, 2018 3:40 PM All Thin clients have VNC server installed on them and can be access remotely using VNC viewer tool. You can download and install the latest version of VNC Viewer or use the portable tool available at \\gmaccm\applic\applic\Tools \vnc-4_1_3-X86_win32_viewer Same password for all clients  “ Sl!m0wl$ “    ","[58, 3, 128, 781]",[1052],"VNC Viewer VNC Viewer VNC Viewer VNC Viewer VNC Viewer VNC Viewer VNC Viewer VNC Viewer VNC Viewer VNC Viewer   Sunday, July 15, 2018 3:40 PM All Thin clients have VNC server installed on them and can be access remotely using VNC viewer tool. You can download and install the latest version of VNC Viewer or use the portable tool available at \\gmaccm\applic\applic\Tools \vnc-4_1_3-X86_win32_viewer Same password for all clients  “ Sl!m0wl$ “    ","vnc viewer vnc viewer vnc viewer vnc viewer vnc viewer vnc viewer vnc viewer vnc viewer vnc viewer vnc viewer sunday, july 15, 2018 3:40 pm thin clients vnc server instal access remotely use vnc viewer tool. download install latest version vnc viewer use portable tool available \\gmaccm\applic\applic\tools \vnc-4_1_3-x86_win32_viewer password clients “ sl!m0wl$ “","VNC Viewer VNC Viewer   Sunday, July 15, 2018 3:40 PM All Thin clients have VNC server installed on them and can be access remotely using VNC viewer tool. You can download and install the latest version of VNC Viewer or use the portable tool available at \\gmaccm\applic\applic\Tools \vnc-4_1_3-X86_win32_viewer Same password for all clients  “ Sl!m0wl$ “    ","vnc viewer vnc viewer sunday, july 15, 2018 3:40 pm thin clients vnc server instal access remotely use vnc viewer tool. download install latest version vnc viewer use portable tool available \\gmaccm\applic\applic\tools \vnc-4_1_3-x86_win32_viewer password clients “ sl!m0wl$ “"
453,Vickie Wible," Sunday, June 26, 2016 6:00 PM 1 x NEC 1860nx MultiSync LCD 4:3 monitor 1 x HP Compaq LA 2205wg monitor 1 x HP Ultraslim docking station 1 x HP 9480m laptop HP USB keyboard & mouse Cisco 7965 phone    ","[68, 0, 155, 777]",[972],"Vickie Wible Vickie Wible Vickie Wible Vickie Wible Vickie Wible Vickie Wible Vickie Wible Vickie Wible Vickie Wible Vickie Wible   Sunday, June 26, 2016 6:00 PM 1 x NEC 1860nx MultiSync LCD 4:3 monitor 1 x HP Compaq LA 2205wg monitor 1 x HP Ultraslim docking station 1 x HP 9480m laptop HP USB keyboard & mouse Cisco 7965 phone    ","vickie wible vickie wible vickie wible vickie wible vickie wible vickie wible vickie wible vickie wible vickie wible vickie wible sunday, june 26, 2016 6:00 pm 1 x nec 1860nx multisync lcd 4:3 monitor 1 x hp compaq la 2205wg monitor 1 x hp ultraslim dock station 1 x hp 9480m laptop hp usb keyboard & mouse cisco 7965 phone","Vickie Wible Vickie Wible   Sunday, June 26, 2016 6:00 PM 1 x NEC 1860nx MultiSync LCD 4:3 monitor 1 x HP Compaq LA 2205wg monitor 1 x HP Ultraslim docking station 1 x HP 9480m laptop HP USB keyboard & mouse Cisco 7965 phone    ","vickie wible vickie wible sunday, june 26, 2016 6:00 pm 1 x nec 1860nx multisync lcd 4:3 monitor 1 x hp compaq la 2205wg monitor 1 x hp ultraslim dock station 1 x hp 9480m laptop hp usb keyboard & mouse cisco 7965 phone"
454,WIN 10 - Enabling Bitlocker Encryption," Monday, December 11, 2017 5:46 PM DRAFT - THIS DOCUMENTATION PROVIDES THE STEPS TO ENABLE BITLOCKER ENCRYPTION ON A  COMPUTER RUNNING WINDOWS 10 ****THIS PROCEDURE CAN NOT BE COMPLETED ON A COMPUTER THAT IS ENCRYPTED WITH  CHECKPOINT, DO NOT ATTEMPT THIS UPGRADE UNLESS THE COMPUTER HAS HAD CHECKPOINT  COMPLETELY REMOVED**** **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** Open Control Panel Under System and Security select Bitlocker Drive Encryption Click Turn on Bitlocker Click Next      Select Encrypt entire drive and click Next Select New encryption mode and click Next      Click Start encrypting Progress bar will appear         ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[1152, 1155]","WIN 10 - Enabling Bitlocker Encryption WIN 10 - Enabling Bitlocker Encryption WIN 10 - Enabling Bitlocker Encryption WIN 10 - Enabling Bitlocker Encryption WIN 10 - Enabling Bitlocker Encryption WIN 10 - Enabling Bitlocker Encryption WIN 10 - Enabling Bitlocker Encryption WIN 10 - Enabling Bitlocker Encryption WIN 10 - Enabling Bitlocker Encryption WIN 10 - Enabling Bitlocker Encryption   Monday, December 11, 2017 5:46 PM DRAFT - THIS DOCUMENTATION PROVIDES THE STEPS TO ENABLE BITLOCKER ENCRYPTION ON A  COMPUTER RUNNING WINDOWS 10 ****THIS PROCEDURE CAN NOT BE COMPLETED ON A COMPUTER THAT IS ENCRYPTED WITH  CHECKPOINT, DO NOT ATTEMPT THIS UPGRADE UNLESS THE COMPUTER HAS HAD CHECKPOINT  COMPLETELY REMOVED**** **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** Open Control Panel Under System and Security select Bitlocker Drive Encryption Click Turn on Bitlocker Click Next      Select Encrypt entire drive and click Next Select New encryption mode and click Next      Click Start encrypting Progress bar will appear         ","win 10 - enable bitlocker encryption win 10 - enable bitlocker encryption win 10 - enable bitlocker encryption win 10 - enable bitlocker encryption win 10 - enable bitlocker encryption win 10 - enable bitlocker encryption win 10 - enable bitlocker encryption win 10 - enable bitlocker encryption win 10 - enable bitlocker encryption win 10 - enable bitlocker encryption monday, december 11, 2017 5:46 pm draft - documentation provide step enable bitlocker encryption computer run windows 10 ****this procedure complete computer encrypt checkpoint, attempt upgrade unless computer checkpoint completely removed**** **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** open control panel system security select bitlocker drive encryption click turn bitlocker click next select encrypt entire drive click next select new encryption mode click next click start encrypt progress bar appear","WIN 10 - Enabling Bitlocker Encryption WIN 10 - Enabling Bitlocker Encryption   Monday, December 11, 2017 5:46 PM DRAFT - THIS DOCUMENTATION PROVIDES THE STEPS TO ENABLE BITLOCKER ENCRYPTION ON A  COMPUTER RUNNING WINDOWS 10 ****THIS PROCEDURE CAN NOT BE COMPLETED ON A COMPUTER THAT IS ENCRYPTED WITH  CHECKPOINT, DO NOT ATTEMPT THIS UPGRADE UNLESS THE COMPUTER HAS HAD CHECKPOINT  COMPLETELY REMOVED**** **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** Open Control Panel Under System and Security select Bitlocker Drive Encryption Click Turn on Bitlocker Click Next      Select Encrypt entire drive and click Next Select New encryption mode and click Next      Click Start encrypting Progress bar will appear         ","win 10 - enable bitlocker encryption win 10 - enable bitlocker encryption monday, december 11, 2017 5:46 pm draft - documentation provide step enable bitlocker encryption computer run windows 10 ****this procedure complete computer encrypt checkpoint, attempt upgrade unless computer checkpoint completely removed**** **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** open control panel system security select bitlocker drive encryption click turn bitlocker click next select encrypt entire drive click next select new encryption mode click next click start encrypt progress bar appear"
455,WIN 10 DRAFT - Upgrade Windows 10 to v1709," Monday, December 11, 2017 5:22 PM DRAFT - THIS DOCUMENTATION PROVIDES THE STEPS TO UPGRADE THE WINDOWS 10 OPERATING  SYSTEM VERSION TO v1709 ****THIS PROCEDURE CAN NOT BE COMPLETED ON A COMPUTER THAT IS ENCRYPTED WITH  CHECKPOINT, DO NOT ATTEMPT THIS UPGRADE UNLESS THE COMPUTER HAS HAD CHECKPOINT  COMPLETELY REMOVED**** **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** THIS WHOLE PROCESS CAN TAKE UP TO 1 HOUR Add the PC to the Win 10 xxxx to Win10 1709 collection under Device Collections --> Berkadia  Workstations --> OS Upgrades Run SCCM actions if needed so computer checks for the upgrade      Launch Software Center from the start menu, select the Windows 10 Feature update under Available  Software and click Install Selected Upgrade will begin downloading      And begin installing (during this part of the process the user can still use the PC) When Software Center tells you it is waiting for a restart, click Restart (computer will reboot and  user WILL NOT be able to use the computer during the next phase) Click Restart      Screen will look like this- It may take a few minutes the first time you logon for the upgrade to finish installing      Run winver to verify the Windows 10 version after the upgrade         ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[1195, 1200]","WIN 10 DRAFT - Upgrade Windows 10 to v1709 WIN 10 DRAFT - Upgrade Windows 10 to v1709 WIN 10 DRAFT - Upgrade Windows 10 to v1709 WIN 10 DRAFT - Upgrade Windows 10 to v1709 WIN 10 DRAFT - Upgrade Windows 10 to v1709 WIN 10 DRAFT - Upgrade Windows 10 to v1709 WIN 10 DRAFT - Upgrade Windows 10 to v1709 WIN 10 DRAFT - Upgrade Windows 10 to v1709 WIN 10 DRAFT - Upgrade Windows 10 to v1709 WIN 10 DRAFT - Upgrade Windows 10 to v1709   Monday, December 11, 2017 5:22 PM DRAFT - THIS DOCUMENTATION PROVIDES THE STEPS TO UPGRADE THE WINDOWS 10 OPERATING  SYSTEM VERSION TO v1709 ****THIS PROCEDURE CAN NOT BE COMPLETED ON A COMPUTER THAT IS ENCRYPTED WITH  CHECKPOINT, DO NOT ATTEMPT THIS UPGRADE UNLESS THE COMPUTER HAS HAD CHECKPOINT  COMPLETELY REMOVED**** **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** THIS WHOLE PROCESS CAN TAKE UP TO 1 HOUR Add the PC to the Win 10 xxxx to Win10 1709 collection under Device Collections --> Berkadia  Workstations --> OS Upgrades Run SCCM actions if needed so computer checks for the upgrade      Launch Software Center from the start menu, select the Windows 10 Feature update under Available  Software and click Install Selected Upgrade will begin downloading      And begin installing (during this part of the process the user can still use the PC) When Software Center tells you it is waiting for a restart, click Restart (computer will reboot and  user WILL NOT be able to use the computer during the next phase) Click Restart      Screen will look like this- It may take a few minutes the first time you logon for the upgrade to finish installing      Run winver to verify the Windows 10 version after the upgrade         ","win 10 draft - upgrade windows 10 v1709 win 10 draft - upgrade windows 10 v1709 win 10 draft - upgrade windows 10 v1709 win 10 draft - upgrade windows 10 v1709 win 10 draft - upgrade windows 10 v1709 win 10 draft - upgrade windows 10 v1709 win 10 draft - upgrade windows 10 v1709 win 10 draft - upgrade windows 10 v1709 win 10 draft - upgrade windows 10 v1709 win 10 draft - upgrade windows 10 v1709 monday, december 11, 2017 5:22 pm draft - documentation provide step upgrade windows 10 operate system version v1709 ****this procedure complete computer encrypt checkpoint, attempt upgrade unless computer checkpoint completely removed**** **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** whole process take 1 hour add pc win 10 xxxx win10 1709 collection device collections --> berkadia workstations --> os upgrade run sccm action need computer check upgrade launch software center start menu, select windows 10 feature update available software click install select upgrade begin download begin instal (during part process user still use pc) software center tell wait restart, click restart (computer reboot user able use computer next phase) click restart screen look like this- may take minutes first time logon upgrade finish instal run winver verify windows 10 version upgrade","WIN 10 DRAFT - Upgrade Windows 10 to v1709 WIN 10 DRAFT - Upgrade Windows 10 to v1709   Monday, December 11, 2017 5:22 PM DRAFT - THIS DOCUMENTATION PROVIDES THE STEPS TO UPGRADE THE WINDOWS 10 OPERATING  SYSTEM VERSION TO v1709 ****THIS PROCEDURE CAN NOT BE COMPLETED ON A COMPUTER THAT IS ENCRYPTED WITH  CHECKPOINT, DO NOT ATTEMPT THIS UPGRADE UNLESS THE COMPUTER HAS HAD CHECKPOINT  COMPLETELY REMOVED**** **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** THIS WHOLE PROCESS CAN TAKE UP TO 1 HOUR Add the PC to the Win 10 xxxx to Win10 1709 collection under Device Collections --> Berkadia  Workstations --> OS Upgrades Run SCCM actions if needed so computer checks for the upgrade      Launch Software Center from the start menu, select the Windows 10 Feature update under Available  Software and click Install Selected Upgrade will begin downloading      And begin installing (during this part of the process the user can still use the PC) When Software Center tells you it is waiting for a restart, click Restart (computer will reboot and  user WILL NOT be able to use the computer during the next phase) Click Restart      Screen will look like this- It may take a few minutes the first time you logon for the upgrade to finish installing      Run winver to verify the Windows 10 version after the upgrade         ","win 10 draft - upgrade windows 10 v1709 win 10 draft - upgrade windows 10 v1709 monday, december 11, 2017 5:22 pm draft - documentation provide step upgrade windows 10 operate system version v1709 ****this procedure complete computer encrypt checkpoint, attempt upgrade unless computer checkpoint completely removed**** **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** whole process take 1 hour add pc win 10 xxxx win10 1709 collection device collections --> berkadia workstations --> os upgrade run sccm action need computer check upgrade launch software center start menu, select windows 10 feature update available software click install select upgrade begin download begin instal (during part process user still use pc) software center tell wait restart, click restart (computer reboot user able use computer next phase) click restart screen look like this- may take minutes first time logon upgrade finish instal run winver verify windows 10 version upgrade"
456,WIN 7 TO WIN 10 Migration Checklist," Monday, July 2, 2018 9:24 AM **THIS CHECKLIST SHOULD BE USED WHEN UPGRADING USERS FROM WIN 7 TO WIN 10 OR  SETTING A USER UP ON A NEW COMPUTER** **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** Windows 7 to Windo...    ","[72, 0, 157, 775]",[1145],"WIN 7 TO WIN 10 Migration Checklist WIN 7 TO WIN 10 Migration Checklist WIN 7 TO WIN 10 Migration Checklist WIN 7 TO WIN 10 Migration Checklist WIN 7 TO WIN 10 Migration Checklist WIN 7 TO WIN 10 Migration Checklist WIN 7 TO WIN 10 Migration Checklist WIN 7 TO WIN 10 Migration Checklist WIN 7 TO WIN 10 Migration Checklist WIN 7 TO WIN 10 Migration Checklist   Monday, July 2, 2018 9:24 AM **THIS CHECKLIST SHOULD BE USED WHEN UPGRADING USERS FROM WIN 7 TO WIN 10 OR  SETTING A USER UP ON A NEW COMPUTER** **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** Windows 7 to Windo...    ","win 7 win 10 migration checklist win 7 win 10 migration checklist win 7 win 10 migration checklist win 7 win 10 migration checklist win 7 win 10 migration checklist win 7 win 10 migration checklist win 7 win 10 migration checklist win 7 win 10 migration checklist win 7 win 10 migration checklist win 7 win 10 migration checklist monday, july 2, 2018 9:24 **this checklist use upgrade users win 7 win 10 set user new computer** **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** windows 7 windo...","WIN 7 TO WIN 10 Migration Checklist WIN 7 TO WIN 10 Migration Checklist   Monday, July 2, 2018 9:24 AM **THIS CHECKLIST SHOULD BE USED WHEN UPGRADING USERS FROM WIN 7 TO WIN 10 OR  SETTING A USER UP ON A NEW COMPUTER** **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** Windows 7 to Windo...    ","win 7 win 10 migration checklist win 7 win 10 migration checklist monday, july 2, 2018 9:24 **this checklist use upgrade users win 7 win 10 set user new computer** **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** windows 7 windo..."
457,WIN10," Monday, May 21, 2018 5:20 PM **ALL USERS SHOULD NOW BE RECEIVING WINDOWS 10 UNLESS THEY ARE IN SERVICING** **THESE CHECKLISTS ARE FOR OUR PRODUCTION WINDOWS 10 LAPTOP BUILDS** **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** Use this checklist if you are re-imaging an existing 840 g5 or 840 g3 laptop Windows 10 Re-ima... Use this checklist if you are re-imaging an existing Surface or Surfacebook Windows 10 Re-ima...    ","[72, 0, 165, 751]",[1148],"WIN10 WIN10 WIN10 WIN10 WIN10 WIN10 WIN10 WIN10 WIN10 WIN10   Monday, May 21, 2018 5:20 PM **ALL USERS SHOULD NOW BE RECEIVING WINDOWS 10 UNLESS THEY ARE IN SERVICING** **THESE CHECKLISTS ARE FOR OUR PRODUCTION WINDOWS 10 LAPTOP BUILDS** **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** Use this checklist if you are re-imaging an existing 840 g5 or 840 g3 laptop Windows 10 Re-ima... Use this checklist if you are re-imaging an existing Surface or Surfacebook Windows 10 Re-ima...    ","win10 win10 win10 win10 win10 win10 win10 win10 win10 win10 monday, may 21, 2018 5:20 pm **all users receive windows 10 unless servicing** **these checklists production windows 10 laptop builds** **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** use checklist re-imaging exist 840 g5 840 g3 laptop windows 10 re-ima... use checklist re-imaging exist surface surfacebook windows 10 re-ima...","WIN10 WIN10   Monday, May 21, 2018 5:20 PM **ALL USERS SHOULD NOW BE RECEIVING WINDOWS 10 UNLESS THEY ARE IN SERVICING** **THESE CHECKLISTS ARE FOR OUR PRODUCTION WINDOWS 10 LAPTOP BUILDS** **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** Use this checklist if you are re-imaging an existing 840 g5 or 840 g3 laptop Windows 10 Re-ima... Use this checklist if you are re-imaging an existing Surface or Surfacebook Windows 10 Re-ima...    ","win10 win10 monday, may 21, 2018 5:20 pm **all users receive windows 10 unless servicing** **these checklists production windows 10 laptop builds** **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** use checklist re-imaging exist 840 g5 840 g3 laptop windows 10 re-ima... use checklist re-imaging exist surface surfacebook windows 10 re-ima..."
458,WIN10 with UEFI," Friday, February 17, 2017 1:41 PM Power on 800g1 and press [F10] to access BIOS Click Security --> Secure Boot Configuration You should see an arrow next to Legacy Support. Hit [SPACE] bar and red security warning will  appear Hit [ENTER] Hit down arrow so arrow moves to Secure Boot.       Hit down arrow so arrow moves to Secure Boot.  Hit [SPACE] bar and Secure Boot will switch to Enabled Hit [F10] to accept changes Save Changes & Exit BIOS    ","[72, 0, 72, 751]","[1201, 1202]","WIN10 with UEFI WIN10 with UEFI WIN10 with UEFI WIN10 with UEFI WIN10 with UEFI WIN10 with UEFI WIN10 with UEFI WIN10 with UEFI WIN10 with UEFI WIN10 with UEFI   Friday, February 17, 2017 1:41 PM Power on 800g1 and press [F10] to access BIOS Click Security --> Secure Boot Configuration You should see an arrow next to Legacy Support. Hit [SPACE] bar and red security warning will  appear Hit [ENTER] Hit down arrow so arrow moves to Secure Boot.       Hit down arrow so arrow moves to Secure Boot.  Hit [SPACE] bar and Secure Boot will switch to Enabled Hit [F10] to accept changes Save Changes & Exit BIOS    ","win10 uefi win10 uefi win10 uefi win10 uefi win10 uefi win10 uefi win10 uefi win10 uefi win10 uefi win10 uefi friday, february 17, 2017 1:41 pm power 800g1 press [f10] access bios click security --> secure boot configuration see arrow next legacy support. hit [space] bar red security warn appear hit [enter] hit arrow arrow move secure boot. hit arrow arrow move secure boot. hit [space] bar secure boot switch enable hit [f10] accept change save change & exit bios","WIN10 with UEFI WIN10 with UEFI   Friday, February 17, 2017 1:41 PM Power on 800g1 and press [F10] to access BIOS Click Security --> Secure Boot Configuration You should see an arrow next to Legacy Support. Hit [SPACE] bar and red security warning will  appear Hit [ENTER] Hit down arrow so arrow moves to Secure Boot.       Hit down arrow so arrow moves to Secure Boot.  Hit [SPACE] bar and Secure Boot will switch to Enabled Hit [F10] to accept changes Save Changes & Exit BIOS    ","win10 uefi win10 uefi friday, february 17, 2017 1:41 pm power 800g1 press [f10] access bios click security --> secure boot configuration see arrow next legacy support. hit [space] bar red security warn appear hit [enter] hit arrow arrow move secure boot. hit arrow arrow move secure boot. hit [space] bar secure boot switch enable hit [f10] accept change save change & exit bios"
459,Web Access," Monday, December 10, 2012 2:13 PM","[69, 770, 236, 780]",[319],"Web Access Web Access Web Access Web Access Web Access Web Access Web Access Web Access Web Access Web Access   Monday, December 10, 2012 2:13 PM","web access web access web access web access web access web access web access web access web access web access monday, december 10, 2012 2:13 pm","Web Access Web Access   Monday, December 10, 2012 2:13 PM","web access web access monday, december 10, 2012 2:13 pm"
460,Web Interface," Wednesday, April 29, 2015 11:41 AM 1. 2. 3. Users can type this link into the browser to access Incident Monitor  https://pa508incmon1/IM/ a. Then they can create a favorite to the page. The page should perform SSO (Single Sign On) for the end user, if SSO does not happen the  user can simply login with their Berkadia Username and Password and selecting Berkadia from  Domain drop-down. Once logged in the user will see their main screen as shown in (Image 1.) Image 1 4. On the left hand side the user has the ability to perform three functions.  a. b. c. First is New Request – User can create a request from scratch. (Not preferred, unless  they are familiar with the categories and sub-categories.) The second function is My Requests – this gives the user the ability to go in and check  on any requests that they have opened and also check for updates to the request.  The third function is Service Catalog – The user can click on service catalog and select  predefined issues and just add a description and submit the new request. 5. Please reference (Image 2) for a close-up of the left window pane.      Image 2 6. Once the user has selected the service catalog function.  They will see four predefined choices;  we can also add additional ones down the road. a. The user will select one of the predefined choices – in this case for the example we will  be selecting RDS.Berkadia.com (Image 3) Image 3 7. In the request window the user will have a few fields that he or she will need to fill out (image  4). a. b. c. Subject Field – Brief Description of the problem – example (Word is crashing) Description Field – User will put in a description of the issue they are experiencing and  any additional details that they can provide to the technicians. Attachment – The user also has the ability to attach a screen shot to the request,  providing the technician with an image of the problem or error message. 8. Lastly once the user has filled out all the information, they will select the Save Request button  in the upper right hand corner of the request window (Image 5). a. This will submit the request and generate and email notification to the help desk team  and also an email to the end user that the request has been opened. The user will also  receive a message on the screen, stating that the request was submitted and the  request number to check the status of the request (Image6).      Image 4 Image 5 Image 6 9. Lastly the user can go into the MY Request window and see the request they have submitted  with any new updates and the technician that is assigned to the request (Image 7). Image 7    ","[72, 0, 72, 758]","[10, 12]","Web Interface Web Interface Web Interface Web Interface Web Interface Web Interface Web Interface Web Interface Web Interface Web Interface   Wednesday, April 29, 2015 11:41 AM 1. 2. 3. Users can type this link into the browser to access Incident Monitor  https://pa508incmon1/IM/ a. Then they can create a favorite to the page. The page should perform SSO (Single Sign On) for the end user, if SSO does not happen the  user can simply login with their Berkadia Username and Password and selecting Berkadia from  Domain drop-down. Once logged in the user will see their main screen as shown in (Image 1.) Image 1 4. On the left hand side the user has the ability to perform three functions.  a. b. c. First is New Request – User can create a request from scratch. (Not preferred, unless  they are familiar with the categories and sub-categories.) The second function is My Requests – this gives the user the ability to go in and check  on any requests that they have opened and also check for updates to the request.  The third function is Service Catalog – The user can click on service catalog and select  predefined issues and just add a description and submit the new request. 5. Please reference (Image 2) for a close-up of the left window pane.      Image 2 6. Once the user has selected the service catalog function.  They will see four predefined choices;  we can also add additional ones down the road. a. The user will select one of the predefined choices – in this case for the example we will  be selecting RDS.Berkadia.com (Image 3) Image 3 7. In the request window the user will have a few fields that he or she will need to fill out (image  4). a. b. c. Subject Field – Brief Description of the problem – example (Word is crashing) Description Field – User will put in a description of the issue they are experiencing and  any additional details that they can provide to the technicians. Attachment – The user also has the ability to attach a screen shot to the request,  providing the technician with an image of the problem or error message. 8. Lastly once the user has filled out all the information, they will select the Save Request button  in the upper right hand corner of the request window (Image 5). a. This will submit the request and generate and email notification to the help desk team  and also an email to the end user that the request has been opened. The user will also  receive a message on the screen, stating that the request was submitted and the  request number to check the status of the request (Image6).      Image 4 Image 5 Image 6 9. Lastly the user can go into the MY Request window and see the request they have submitted  with any new updates and the technician that is assigned to the request (Image 7). Image 7    ","web interface web interface web interface web interface web interface web interface web interface web interface web interface web interface wednesday, april 29, 2015 11:41 1. 2. 3. users type link browser access incident monitor https://pa508incmon1/im/ a. create favorite page. page perform sso (single sign on) end user, sso happen user simply login berkadia username password select berkadia domain drop-down. log user see main screen show (image 1.) image 1 4. leave hand side user ability perform three functions. a. b. c. first new request – user create request scratch. (not preferred, unless familiar categories sub-categories.) second function request – give user ability go check request open also check update request. third function service catalog – user click service catalog select predefined issue add description submit new request. 5. please reference (image 2) close-up leave window pane. image 2 6. user select service catalog function. see four predefined choices; also add additional ones road. a. user select one predefined choices – case example select rds.berkadia.com (image 3) image 3 7. request window user field need fill (image 4). a. b. c. subject field – brief description problem – example (word crashing) description field – user put description issue experience additional detail provide technicians. attachment – user also ability attach screen shoot request, provide technician image problem error message. 8. lastly user fill information, select save request button upper right hand corner request window (image 5). a. submit request generate email notification help desk team also email end user request opened. user also receive message screen, state request submit request number check status request (image6). image 4 image 5 image 6 9. lastly user go request window see request submit new update technician assign request (image 7). image 7","Web Interface Web Interface   Wednesday, April 29, 2015 11:41 AM 1. 2. 3. Users can type this link into the browser to access Incident Monitor  https://pa508incmon1/IM/ a. Then they can create a favorite to the page. The page should perform SSO (Single Sign On) for the end user, if SSO does not happen the  user can simply login with their Berkadia Username and Password and selecting Berkadia from  Domain drop-down. Once logged in the user will see their main screen as shown in (Image 1.) Image 1 4. On the left hand side the user has the ability to perform three functions.  a. b. c. First is New Request – User can create a request from scratch. (Not preferred, unless  they are familiar with the categories and sub-categories.) The second function is My Requests – this gives the user the ability to go in and check  on any requests that they have opened and also check for updates to the request.  The third function is Service Catalog – The user can click on service catalog and select  predefined issues and just add a description and submit the new request. 5. Please reference (Image 2) for a close-up of the left window pane.      Image 2 6. Once the user has selected the service catalog function.  They will see four predefined choices;  we can also add additional ones down the road. a. The user will select one of the predefined choices – in this case for the example we will  be selecting RDS.Berkadia.com (Image 3) Image 3 7. In the request window the user will have a few fields that he or she will need to fill out (image  4). a. b. c. Subject Field – Brief Description of the problem – example (Word is crashing) Description Field – User will put in a description of the issue they are experiencing and  any additional details that they can provide to the technicians. Attachment – The user also has the ability to attach a screen shot to the request,  providing the technician with an image of the problem or error message. 8. Lastly once the user has filled out all the information, they will select the Save Request button  in the upper right hand corner of the request window (Image 5). a. This will submit the request and generate and email notification to the help desk team  and also an email to the end user that the request has been opened. The user will also  receive a message on the screen, stating that the request was submitted and the  request number to check the status of the request (Image6).      Image 4 Image 5 Image 6 9. Lastly the user can go into the MY Request window and see the request they have submitted  with any new updates and the technician that is assigned to the request (Image 7). Image 7    ","web interface web interface wednesday, april 29, 2015 11:41 1. 2. 3. users type link browser access incident monitor https://pa508incmon1/im/ a. create favorite page. page perform sso (single sign on) end user, sso happen user simply login berkadia username password select berkadia domain drop-down. log user see main screen show (image 1.) image 1 4. leave hand side user ability perform three functions. a. b. c. first new request – user create request scratch. (not preferred, unless familiar categories sub-categories.) second function request – give user ability go check request open also check update request. third function service catalog – user click service catalog select predefined issue add description submit new request. 5. please reference (image 2) close-up leave window pane. image 2 6. user select service catalog function. see four predefined choices; also add additional ones road. a. user select one predefined choices – case example select rds.berkadia.com (image 3) image 3 7. request window user field need fill (image 4). a. b. c. subject field – brief description problem – example (word crashing) description field – user put description issue experience additional detail provide technicians. attachment – user also ability attach screen shoot request, provide technician image problem error message. 8. lastly user fill information, select save request button upper right hand corner request window (image 5). a. submit request generate email notification help desk team also email end user request opened. user also receive message screen, state request submit request number check status request (image6). image 4 image 5 image 6 9. lastly user go request window see request submit new update technician assign request (image 7). image 7"
461,Welcome," This is the new OneNote for the Help Desk group. Please document new issues and update any outdated pages  that you run into. Changelog:  7/16/18 -added thin client knowledge base under Hardware Support >> Thin Client 7/5/18 -added page for"" SCCM Reports"" under SCCM. 7/3/18 -added page for ""Remote Desktop Services Manager Monitoring"" under Terminal Server from Sugunakar's notes. 6/26/18 -added page for ""Sharepoint Files Not Appearing After Upload"" issue under OneDrive - Sharepoint -added fix for ""PowerBuilder Accessibility Error"" under iBM iAccess 6/22/18 Added page for Windows 10 installation of IBM iAccess, Strategy, and McCracken under 6 - OS and  Software Support > IBM iAccess 6/21/18 -updated SCCM instruction with path to new installer 6/19/18 -added Mike Hinkle's note on Terminal Server section under 2 - User Management 6/15/18 -added AD Group Management section under 7 - Security with Security training documents from Sugunakar. 6/13/18 -added PAAMB section for Ambler Office with floor plans 5/29/18 -renamed section group 6 to ""6 - OS and Software Support"" -moved MAC OSX and Windows sections to section group 6 -added O365 Licensing to section group 4    ","[72, 0, 569, 729]",[1305],"Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome   This is the new OneNote for the Help Desk group. Please document new issues and update any outdated pages  that you run into. Changelog:  7/16/18 -added thin client knowledge base under Hardware Support >> Thin Client 7/5/18 -added page for"" SCCM Reports"" under SCCM. 7/3/18 -added page for ""Remote Desktop Services Manager Monitoring"" under Terminal Server from Sugunakar's notes. 6/26/18 -added page for ""Sharepoint Files Not Appearing After Upload"" issue under OneDrive - Sharepoint -added fix for ""PowerBuilder Accessibility Error"" under iBM iAccess 6/22/18 Added page for Windows 10 installation of IBM iAccess, Strategy, and McCracken under 6 - OS and  Software Support > IBM iAccess 6/21/18 -updated SCCM instruction with path to new installer 6/19/18 -added Mike Hinkle's note on Terminal Server section under 2 - User Management 6/15/18 -added AD Group Management section under 7 - Security with Security training documents from Sugunakar. 6/13/18 -added PAAMB section for Ambler Office with floor plans 5/29/18 -renamed section group 6 to ""6 - OS and Software Support"" -moved MAC OSX and Windows sections to section group 6 -added O365 Licensing to section group 4    ","welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome new onenote help desk group. please document new issue update outdated page run into. changelog: 7/16/18 -added thin client knowledge base hardware support >> thin client 7/5/18 -added page for"" sccm reports"" sccm. 7/3/18 -added page ""remote desktop service manager monitoring"" terminal server sugunakar's notes. 6/26/18 -added page ""sharepoint file appear upload"" issue onedrive - sharepoint -added fix ""powerbuilder accessibility error"" ibm iaccess 6/22/18 add page windows 10 installation ibm iaccess, strategy, mccracken 6 - os software support > ibm iaccess 6/21/18 -updated sccm instruction path new installer 6/19/18 -added mike hinkle's note terminal server section 2 - user management 6/15/18 -added ad group management section 7 - security security train document sugunakar. 6/13/18 -added paamb section ambler office floor plan 5/29/18 -renamed section group 6 ""6 - os software support"" -moved mac osx windows section section group 6 -added o365 license section group 4","Welcome Welcome   This is the new OneNote for the Help Desk group. Please document new issues and update any outdated pages  that you run into. Changelog:  7/16/18 -added thin client knowledge base under Hardware Support >> Thin Client 7/5/18 -added page for"" SCCM Reports"" under SCCM. 7/3/18 -added page for ""Remote Desktop Services Manager Monitoring"" under Terminal Server from Sugunakar's notes. 6/26/18 -added page for ""Sharepoint Files Not Appearing After Upload"" issue under OneDrive - Sharepoint -added fix for ""PowerBuilder Accessibility Error"" under iBM iAccess 6/22/18 Added page for Windows 10 installation of IBM iAccess, Strategy, and McCracken under 6 - OS and  Software Support > IBM iAccess 6/21/18 -updated SCCM instruction with path to new installer 6/19/18 -added Mike Hinkle's note on Terminal Server section under 2 - User Management 6/15/18 -added AD Group Management section under 7 - Security with Security training documents from Sugunakar. 6/13/18 -added PAAMB section for Ambler Office with floor plans 5/29/18 -renamed section group 6 to ""6 - OS and Software Support"" -moved MAC OSX and Windows sections to section group 6 -added O365 Licensing to section group 4    ","welcome welcome new onenote help desk group. please document new issue update outdated page run into. changelog: 7/16/18 -added thin client knowledge base hardware support >> thin client 7/5/18 -added page for"" sccm reports"" sccm. 7/3/18 -added page ""remote desktop service manager monitoring"" terminal server sugunakar's notes. 6/26/18 -added page ""sharepoint file appear upload"" issue onedrive - sharepoint -added fix ""powerbuilder accessibility error"" ibm iaccess 6/22/18 add page windows 10 installation ibm iaccess, strategy, mccracken 6 - os software support > ibm iaccess 6/21/18 -updated sccm instruction path new installer 6/19/18 -added mike hinkle's note terminal server section 2 - user management 6/15/18 -added ad group management section 7 - security security train document sugunakar. 6/13/18 -added paamb section ambler office floor plan 5/29/18 -renamed section group 6 ""6 - os software support"" -moved mac osx windows section section group 6 -added o365 license section group 4"
462,Win10 - Resetting multiple monitor configuration," Friday, June 15, 2018 9:20 AM If a user run into a resolution out of range error or no signal found even after all cable connections  are correct, remote desktop to their machine with your adm account. Then clear these registries to  delete all monitor configurations and have the users re-plug the video cables. https://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/forum/windows_10-hardware-winpc/windows-10- reset-external-monitors-settings/b3a53cef-e54f-4410-b09e-6846fa297a3f      Xerox Refresh Update 2018 Monday, February 26, 2018 11:12 AM Latest Xerox printer refresh starting 2/24/2018 beginning with Ambler and will roll out to all the  branch offices on this schedule: https://berkadia.sharepoint.com/:x:/r/sites/HelpDesk/Shared%20Documents/Xerox% 20Deployment/Berkadia%20Refresh%20Delivery%20Info%2002%2006%202018.xlsx? d=w4049752a47f14b03883b9ac4f1837d72&csf=1&e=3OqMeE Berkadia Refresh Delivery Info 02 06 2018         ","[18, 13, 72, 775]","[1060, 1062]","Win10 - Resetting multiple monitor configuration Win10 - Resetting multiple monitor configuration Win10 - Resetting multiple monitor configuration Win10 - Resetting multiple monitor configuration Win10 - Resetting multiple monitor configuration Win10 - Resetting multiple monitor configuration Win10 - Resetting multiple monitor configuration Win10 - Resetting multiple monitor configuration Win10 - Resetting multiple monitor configuration Win10 - Resetting multiple monitor configuration   Friday, June 15, 2018 9:20 AM If a user run into a resolution out of range error or no signal found even after all cable connections  are correct, remote desktop to their machine with your adm account. Then clear these registries to  delete all monitor configurations and have the users re-plug the video cables. https://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/forum/windows_10-hardware-winpc/windows-10- reset-external-monitors-settings/b3a53cef-e54f-4410-b09e-6846fa297a3f      Xerox Refresh Update 2018 Monday, February 26, 2018 11:12 AM Latest Xerox printer refresh starting 2/24/2018 beginning with Ambler and will roll out to all the  branch offices on this schedule: https://berkadia.sharepoint.com/:x:/r/sites/HelpDesk/Shared%20Documents/Xerox% 20Deployment/Berkadia%20Refresh%20Delivery%20Info%2002%2006%202018.xlsx? d=w4049752a47f14b03883b9ac4f1837d72&csf=1&e=3OqMeE Berkadia Refresh Delivery Info 02 06 2018         ","win10 - reset multiple monitor configuration win10 - reset multiple monitor configuration win10 - reset multiple monitor configuration win10 - reset multiple monitor configuration win10 - reset multiple monitor configuration win10 - reset multiple monitor configuration win10 - reset multiple monitor configuration win10 - reset multiple monitor configuration win10 - reset multiple monitor configuration win10 - reset multiple monitor configuration friday, june 15, 2018 9:20 user run resolution range error signal find even cable connections correct, remote desktop machine adm account. clear registries delete monitor configurations users re-plug video cables. https://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/forum/windows_10-hardware-winpc/windows-10- reset-external-monitors-settings/b3a53cef-e54f-4410-b09e-6846fa297a3f xerox refresh update 2018 monday, february 26, 2018 11:12 latest xerox printer refresh start 2/24/2018 begin ambler roll branch offices schedule: https://berkadia.sharepoint.com/:x:/r/sites/helpdesk/shared%20documents/xerox% 20deployment/berkadia%20refresh%20delivery%20info%2002%2006%202018.xlsx d=w4049752a47f14b03883b9ac4f1837d72&csf=1&e=3oqmee berkadia refresh delivery info 02 06 2018","Win10 - Resetting multiple monitor configuration Win10 - Resetting multiple monitor configuration   Friday, June 15, 2018 9:20 AM If a user run into a resolution out of range error or no signal found even after all cable connections  are correct, remote desktop to their machine with your adm account. Then clear these registries to  delete all monitor configurations and have the users re-plug the video cables. https://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/forum/windows_10-hardware-winpc/windows-10- reset-external-monitors-settings/b3a53cef-e54f-4410-b09e-6846fa297a3f      Xerox Refresh Update 2018 Monday, February 26, 2018 11:12 AM Latest Xerox printer refresh starting 2/24/2018 beginning with Ambler and will roll out to all the  branch offices on this schedule: https://berkadia.sharepoint.com/:x:/r/sites/HelpDesk/Shared%20Documents/Xerox% 20Deployment/Berkadia%20Refresh%20Delivery%20Info%2002%2006%202018.xlsx? d=w4049752a47f14b03883b9ac4f1837d72&csf=1&e=3OqMeE Berkadia Refresh Delivery Info 02 06 2018         ","win10 - reset multiple monitor configuration win10 - reset multiple monitor configuration friday, june 15, 2018 9:20 user run resolution range error signal find even cable connections correct, remote desktop machine adm account. clear registries delete monitor configurations users re-plug video cables. https://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/forum/windows_10-hardware-winpc/windows-10- reset-external-monitors-settings/b3a53cef-e54f-4410-b09e-6846fa297a3f xerox refresh update 2018 monday, february 26, 2018 11:12 latest xerox printer refresh start 2/24/2018 begin ambler roll branch offices schedule: https://berkadia.sharepoint.com/:x:/r/sites/helpdesk/shared%20documents/xerox% 20deployment/berkadia%20refresh%20delivery%20info%2002%2006%202018.xlsx d=w4049752a47f14b03883b9ac4f1837d72&csf=1&e=3oqmee berkadia refresh delivery info 02 06 2018"
463,Windows 10," Windows 10 has Direct Access features baked in to the operating system, so the installation of  additional patches/updates is not required. Open Active Directory and search for the laptop you want to add to Direct Access Right click the name of the computer once it has been found, select Move, and move the computer  object to the following OU to gmaccm.com --> Berkadia --> Workstations --> Test - Win10 Do another find this time for the DirectAccess Clients group. Add the computer to this AD group      Now you have to wait. The policies for configuring the Direct Access connection will install in the  background. It usually takes around 30 minutes before the policies are there. You can test the Direct Access connection by connecting to a non Berkadia network, like a Wi-Fi  hotspot from Verizon or AT&T and seeing if you ca n access company resources. **NOTE** Always make sure that you have also installed Forticlient when setting up Direct Access.  Should Direct Access have an outage the user would then be able to connect to the VPN via  Forticlient as a backup solution.      Windows 10 has Direct Access features baked in to the operating system, so the installation of  additional patches/updates is not required. Open Active Directory and search for the laptop you want to add to Direct Access Right click the name of the computer once it has been found, select Move, and move the computer  object to the following OU to gmaccm.com --> Berkadia --> Workstations --> PAHOR --> DA Clients Do another find this time for the DirectAccess Clients group. Add the computer to this AD group      Now you have to wait. The policies for configuring the Direct Access connection will install in the  background. It usually takes around 30 minutes before the policies are there. You can test the Direct Access connection by connecting to a non Berkadia network, like a Wi-Fi  hotspot from Verizon or AT&T and seeing if you can access company resources. **NOTE** Always make sure that you have also installed Forticlient when setting up Direct Access.  Should Direct Access have an outage the user would then be able to connect to the VPN via  Forticlient as a backup solution.    ","[72, 0, 72, 744]","[177, 1194]","Windows 10 Windows 10 Windows 10 Windows 10 Windows 10 Windows 10 Windows 10 Windows 10 Windows 10 Windows 10   Windows 10 has Direct Access features baked in to the operating system, so the installation of  additional patches/updates is not required. Open Active Directory and search for the laptop you want to add to Direct Access Right click the name of the computer once it has been found, select Move, and move the computer  object to the following OU to gmaccm.com --> Berkadia --> Workstations --> Test - Win10 Do another find this time for the DirectAccess Clients group. Add the computer to this AD group      Now you have to wait. The policies for configuring the Direct Access connection will install in the  background. It usually takes around 30 minutes before the policies are there. You can test the Direct Access connection by connecting to a non Berkadia network, like a Wi-Fi  hotspot from Verizon or AT&T and seeing if you ca n access company resources. **NOTE** Always make sure that you have also installed Forticlient when setting up Direct Access.  Should Direct Access have an outage the user would then be able to connect to the VPN via  Forticlient as a backup solution.      Windows 10 has Direct Access features baked in to the operating system, so the installation of  additional patches/updates is not required. Open Active Directory and search for the laptop you want to add to Direct Access Right click the name of the computer once it has been found, select Move, and move the computer  object to the following OU to gmaccm.com --> Berkadia --> Workstations --> PAHOR --> DA Clients Do another find this time for the DirectAccess Clients group. Add the computer to this AD group      Now you have to wait. The policies for configuring the Direct Access connection will install in the  background. It usually takes around 30 minutes before the policies are there. You can test the Direct Access connection by connecting to a non Berkadia network, like a Wi-Fi  hotspot from Verizon or AT&T and seeing if you can access company resources. **NOTE** Always make sure that you have also installed Forticlient when setting up Direct Access.  Should Direct Access have an outage the user would then be able to connect to the VPN via  Forticlient as a backup solution.    ","windows 10 windows 10 windows 10 windows 10 windows 10 windows 10 windows 10 windows 10 windows 10 windows 10 windows 10 direct access feature bake operate system, installation additional patches/updates required. open active directory search laptop want add direct access right click name computer found, select move, move computer object follow ou gmaccm.com --> berkadia --> workstations --> test - win10 another find time directaccess clients group. add computer ad group wait. policies configure direct access connection install background. usually take around 30 minutes policies there. test direct access connection connect non berkadia network, like wi-fi hotspot verizon at&t see ca n access company resources. **note** always make sure also instal forticlient set direct access. direct access outage user would able connect vpn via forticlient backup solution. windows 10 direct access feature bake operate system, installation additional patches/updates required. open active directory search laptop want add direct access right click name computer found, select move, move computer object follow ou gmaccm.com --> berkadia --> workstations --> pahor --> da clients another find time directaccess clients group. add computer ad group wait. policies configure direct access connection install background. usually take around 30 minutes policies there. test direct access connection connect non berkadia network, like wi-fi hotspot verizon at&t see access company resources. **note** always make sure also instal forticlient set direct access. direct access outage user would able connect vpn via forticlient backup solution.","Windows 10 Windows 10   Windows 10 has Direct Access features baked in to the operating system, so the installation of  additional patches/updates is not required. Open Active Directory and search for the laptop you want to add to Direct Access Right click the name of the computer once it has been found, select Move, and move the computer  object to the following OU to gmaccm.com --> Berkadia --> Workstations --> Test - Win10 Do another find this time for the DirectAccess Clients group. Add the computer to this AD group      Now you have to wait. The policies for configuring the Direct Access connection will install in the  background. It usually takes around 30 minutes before the policies are there. You can test the Direct Access connection by connecting to a non Berkadia network, like a Wi-Fi  hotspot from Verizon or AT&T and seeing if you ca n access company resources. **NOTE** Always make sure that you have also installed Forticlient when setting up Direct Access.  Should Direct Access have an outage the user would then be able to connect to the VPN via  Forticlient as a backup solution.      Windows 10 has Direct Access features baked in to the operating system, so the installation of  additional patches/updates is not required. Open Active Directory and search for the laptop you want to add to Direct Access Right click the name of the computer once it has been found, select Move, and move the computer  object to the following OU to gmaccm.com --> Berkadia --> Workstations --> PAHOR --> DA Clients Do another find this time for the DirectAccess Clients group. Add the computer to this AD group      Now you have to wait. The policies for configuring the Direct Access connection will install in the  background. It usually takes around 30 minutes before the policies are there. You can test the Direct Access connection by connecting to a non Berkadia network, like a Wi-Fi  hotspot from Verizon or AT&T and seeing if you can access company resources. **NOTE** Always make sure that you have also installed Forticlient when setting up Direct Access.  Should Direct Access have an outage the user would then be able to connect to the VPN via  Forticlient as a backup solution.    ","windows 10 windows 10 windows 10 direct access feature bake operate system, installation additional patches/updates required. open active directory search laptop want add direct access right click name computer found, select move, move computer object follow ou gmaccm.com --> berkadia --> workstations --> test - win10 another find time directaccess clients group. add computer ad group wait. policies configure direct access connection install background. usually take around 30 minutes policies there. test direct access connection connect non berkadia network, like wi-fi hotspot verizon at&t see ca n access company resources. **note** always make sure also instal forticlient set direct access. direct access outage user would able connect vpn via forticlient backup solution. windows 10 direct access feature bake operate system, installation additional patches/updates required. open active directory search laptop want add direct access right click name computer found, select move, move computer object follow ou gmaccm.com --> berkadia --> workstations --> pahor --> da clients another find time directaccess clients group. add computer ad group wait. policies configure direct access connection install background. usually take around 30 minutes policies there. test direct access connection connect non berkadia network, like wi-fi hotspot verizon at&t see access company resources. **note** always make sure also instal forticlient set direct access. direct access outage user would able connect vpn via forticlient backup solution."
464,Windows 10 IBM/Strategy Install," Friday, June 22, 2018 2:21 PM Log into the machine under your -ADM profile Launch Powershell as an admin on the machine type this without quotes “cd \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\IBM_Test\IBMiAccess_v1r1""  press enter type this without quotes “.\install_all_users.bat “ press enter you'll notice several popups and a flashing icon in the task bar pop up and disappear several times.  Do not attempt to close these. if you are prompted to accept a license agreement, do so. You will need to scroll down, click yes ,  you may need to do this twice. if you are prompted, click allow on any firewall prompts browse to \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\IBM_Test\ODBC\Image64a using file explorer.  double click setup.exe to run. select all default options, accept license agreement including ""typical install."" Click finish when done. double click ""Access Client Solutions"" shortcut on desktop click allow if prompted by any additional firewall prompts click file -> copy connections in the upper left hand corner of the new window. you'll be presented with a “Copy Connections” screen. left click each item in the left pane, then click  the right pointing arrow for each item. When complete, you should see a mirror image in the right  pane for IBMIDEV, IBMIPROD and IBMITEST. Click close browse to ""\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\IBM_Test\StrategyCS_17.06.04.718\x64"" double click setup.exe to run On the first installer menu, ensure that the IBMIPROD check box is selected. Continue install,  selecting all default options.  Click finish, close all other windows, restart computer. Log in as user open access client solutions shortcut on desktop click tools->File Associations      click tools->File Associations check "".hod (5250)"" and "".ws (5250)"" click ok browse to \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\IBM_Test\IBMiAccess_v1r1 Double click copy sessions.cmd as a test to ensure everything is working, please launch the ""GS Production"" shortcut from the  desktop. sign in with user's credentials. select yes if prompted for any certs. if you see the green  screen login, this is successful. Exit/close Open Strategy shortcut from start menu, sign in with user's credentials. If you are prompted to  select a library, this is successful.    ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[404, 405]","Windows 10 IBM/Strategy Install Windows 10 IBM/Strategy Install Windows 10 IBM/Strategy Install Windows 10 IBM/Strategy Install Windows 10 IBM/Strategy Install Windows 10 IBM/Strategy Install Windows 10 IBM/Strategy Install Windows 10 IBM/Strategy Install Windows 10 IBM/Strategy Install Windows 10 IBM/Strategy Install   Friday, June 22, 2018 2:21 PM Log into the machine under your -ADM profile Launch Powershell as an admin on the machine type this without quotes “cd \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\IBM_Test\IBMiAccess_v1r1""  press enter type this without quotes “.\install_all_users.bat “ press enter you'll notice several popups and a flashing icon in the task bar pop up and disappear several times.  Do not attempt to close these. if you are prompted to accept a license agreement, do so. You will need to scroll down, click yes ,  you may need to do this twice. if you are prompted, click allow on any firewall prompts browse to \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\IBM_Test\ODBC\Image64a using file explorer.  double click setup.exe to run. select all default options, accept license agreement including ""typical install."" Click finish when done. double click ""Access Client Solutions"" shortcut on desktop click allow if prompted by any additional firewall prompts click file -> copy connections in the upper left hand corner of the new window. you'll be presented with a “Copy Connections” screen. left click each item in the left pane, then click  the right pointing arrow for each item. When complete, you should see a mirror image in the right  pane for IBMIDEV, IBMIPROD and IBMITEST. Click close browse to ""\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\IBM_Test\StrategyCS_17.06.04.718\x64"" double click setup.exe to run On the first installer menu, ensure that the IBMIPROD check box is selected. Continue install,  selecting all default options.  Click finish, close all other windows, restart computer. Log in as user open access client solutions shortcut on desktop click tools->File Associations      click tools->File Associations check "".hod (5250)"" and "".ws (5250)"" click ok browse to \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\IBM_Test\IBMiAccess_v1r1 Double click copy sessions.cmd as a test to ensure everything is working, please launch the ""GS Production"" shortcut from the  desktop. sign in with user's credentials. select yes if prompted for any certs. if you see the green  screen login, this is successful. Exit/close Open Strategy shortcut from start menu, sign in with user's credentials. If you are prompted to  select a library, this is successful.    ","windows 10 ibm/strategy install windows 10 ibm/strategy install windows 10 ibm/strategy install windows 10 ibm/strategy install windows 10 ibm/strategy install windows 10 ibm/strategy install windows 10 ibm/strategy install windows 10 ibm/strategy install windows 10 ibm/strategy install windows 10 ibm/strategy install friday, june 22, 2018 2:21 pm log machine -adm profile launch powershell admin machine type without quote “cd \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\ibm_test\ibmiaccess_v1r1"" press enter type without quote “.\install_all_users.bat “ press enter notice several popups flash icon task bar pop disappear several times. attempt close these. prompt accept license agreement, so. need scroll down, click yes , may need twice. prompted, click allow firewall prompt browse \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\ibm_test\odbc\image64a use file explorer. double click setup.exe run. select default options, accept license agreement include ""typical install."" click finish done. double click ""access client solutions"" shortcut desktop click allow prompt additional firewall prompt click file -> copy connections upper leave hand corner new window. present “copy connections” screen. leave click item leave pane, click right point arrow item. complete, see mirror image right pane ibmidev, ibmiprod ibmitest. click close browse ""\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\ibm_test\strategycs_17.06.04.718\x64"" double click setup.exe run first installer menu, ensure ibmiprod check box selected. continue install, select default options. click finish, close windows, restart computer. log user open access client solutions shortcut desktop click tools->file associations click tools->file associations check "".hod (5250)"" "".ws (5250)"" click ok browse \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\ibm_test\ibmiaccess_v1r1 double click copy sessions.cmd test ensure everything working, please launch ""gs production"" shortcut desktop. sign user's credentials. select yes prompt certs. see green screen login, successful. exit/close open strategy shortcut start menu, sign user's credentials. prompt select library, successful.","Windows 10 IBM/Strategy Install Windows 10 IBM/Strategy Install   Friday, June 22, 2018 2:21 PM Log into the machine under your -ADM profile Launch Powershell as an admin on the machine type this without quotes “cd \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\IBM_Test\IBMiAccess_v1r1""  press enter type this without quotes “.\install_all_users.bat “ press enter you'll notice several popups and a flashing icon in the task bar pop up and disappear several times.  Do not attempt to close these. if you are prompted to accept a license agreement, do so. You will need to scroll down, click yes ,  you may need to do this twice. if you are prompted, click allow on any firewall prompts browse to \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\IBM_Test\ODBC\Image64a using file explorer.  double click setup.exe to run. select all default options, accept license agreement including ""typical install."" Click finish when done. double click ""Access Client Solutions"" shortcut on desktop click allow if prompted by any additional firewall prompts click file -> copy connections in the upper left hand corner of the new window. you'll be presented with a “Copy Connections” screen. left click each item in the left pane, then click  the right pointing arrow for each item. When complete, you should see a mirror image in the right  pane for IBMIDEV, IBMIPROD and IBMITEST. Click close browse to ""\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\IBM_Test\StrategyCS_17.06.04.718\x64"" double click setup.exe to run On the first installer menu, ensure that the IBMIPROD check box is selected. Continue install,  selecting all default options.  Click finish, close all other windows, restart computer. Log in as user open access client solutions shortcut on desktop click tools->File Associations      click tools->File Associations check "".hod (5250)"" and "".ws (5250)"" click ok browse to \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\IBM_Test\IBMiAccess_v1r1 Double click copy sessions.cmd as a test to ensure everything is working, please launch the ""GS Production"" shortcut from the  desktop. sign in with user's credentials. select yes if prompted for any certs. if you see the green  screen login, this is successful. Exit/close Open Strategy shortcut from start menu, sign in with user's credentials. If you are prompted to  select a library, this is successful.    ","windows 10 ibm/strategy install windows 10 ibm/strategy install friday, june 22, 2018 2:21 pm log machine -adm profile launch powershell admin machine type without quote “cd \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\ibm_test\ibmiaccess_v1r1"" press enter type without quote “.\install_all_users.bat “ press enter notice several popups flash icon task bar pop disappear several times. attempt close these. prompt accept license agreement, so. need scroll down, click yes , may need twice. prompted, click allow firewall prompt browse \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\ibm_test\odbc\image64a use file explorer. double click setup.exe run. select default options, accept license agreement include ""typical install."" click finish done. double click ""access client solutions"" shortcut desktop click allow prompt additional firewall prompt click file -> copy connections upper leave hand corner new window. present “copy connections” screen. leave click item leave pane, click right point arrow item. complete, see mirror image right pane ibmidev, ibmiprod ibmitest. click close browse ""\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\ibm_test\strategycs_17.06.04.718\x64"" double click setup.exe run first installer menu, ensure ibmiprod check box selected. continue install, select default options. click finish, close windows, restart computer. log user open access client solutions shortcut desktop click tools->file associations click tools->file associations check "".hod (5250)"" "".ws (5250)"" click ok browse \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\ibm_test\ibmiaccess_v1r1 double click copy sessions.cmd test ensure everything working, please launch ""gs production"" shortcut desktop. sign user's credentials. select yes prompt certs. see green screen login, successful. exit/close open strategy shortcut start menu, sign user's credentials. prompt select library, successful."
465,Windows 10 Information Meeting," Wednesday, January 24, 2018 4:02 PM    ","[72, 0, 193, 775]",[687],"Windows 10 Information Meeting Windows 10 Information Meeting Windows 10 Information Meeting Windows 10 Information Meeting Windows 10 Information Meeting Windows 10 Information Meeting Windows 10 Information Meeting Windows 10 Information Meeting Windows 10 Information Meeting Windows 10 Information Meeting   Wednesday, January 24, 2018 4:02 PM    ","windows 10 information meet windows 10 information meet windows 10 information meet windows 10 information meet windows 10 information meet windows 10 information meet windows 10 information meet windows 10 information meet windows 10 information meet windows 10 information meet wednesday, january 24, 2018 4:02 pm","Windows 10 Information Meeting Windows 10 Information Meeting   Wednesday, January 24, 2018 4:02 PM    ","windows 10 information meet windows 10 information meet wednesday, january 24, 2018 4:02 pm"
466,Windows 10 Login error," Thursday, February 23, 2017 1:34 PM Windows 10 is designed as very consumer facing, and Microsoft encourages home users to login  with their Microsoft account instead of a local computer account. We could potentially see an error  relating to this when our users try to login. If the login screen looks like this- Notice that in the ""username"" box it is asking for an e-mail address or phone number. If you try to  login using your domain credentials on this box, you will get an error message that says- ""The password is incorrect. Make sure you're using the password for your Microsoft account. You  can always reset it at account.live.com/password/reset      To fix this you need to make sure that the user first clicks on where it says Local or domain account  password      Once the user clicks this they will be able to login with their AD username and password    ","[58, 3, 58, 781]","[669, 671]","Windows 10 Login error Windows 10 Login error Windows 10 Login error Windows 10 Login error Windows 10 Login error Windows 10 Login error Windows 10 Login error Windows 10 Login error Windows 10 Login error Windows 10 Login error   Thursday, February 23, 2017 1:34 PM Windows 10 is designed as very consumer facing, and Microsoft encourages home users to login  with their Microsoft account instead of a local computer account. We could potentially see an error  relating to this when our users try to login. If the login screen looks like this- Notice that in the ""username"" box it is asking for an e-mail address or phone number. If you try to  login using your domain credentials on this box, you will get an error message that says- ""The password is incorrect. Make sure you're using the password for your Microsoft account. You  can always reset it at account.live.com/password/reset      To fix this you need to make sure that the user first clicks on where it says Local or domain account  password      Once the user clicks this they will be able to login with their AD username and password    ","windows 10 login error windows 10 login error windows 10 login error windows 10 login error windows 10 login error windows 10 login error windows 10 login error windows 10 login error windows 10 login error windows 10 login error thursday, february 23, 2017 1:34 pm windows 10 design consumer facing, microsoft encourage home users login microsoft account instead local computer account. could potentially see error relate users try login. login screen look like this- notice ""username"" box ask e-mail address phone number. try login use domain credentials box, get error message says- ""the password incorrect. make sure use password microsoft account. always reset account.live.com/password/reset fix need make sure user first click say local domain account password user click able login ad username password","Windows 10 Login error Windows 10 Login error   Thursday, February 23, 2017 1:34 PM Windows 10 is designed as very consumer facing, and Microsoft encourages home users to login  with their Microsoft account instead of a local computer account. We could potentially see an error  relating to this when our users try to login. If the login screen looks like this- Notice that in the ""username"" box it is asking for an e-mail address or phone number. If you try to  login using your domain credentials on this box, you will get an error message that says- ""The password is incorrect. Make sure you're using the password for your Microsoft account. You  can always reset it at account.live.com/password/reset      To fix this you need to make sure that the user first clicks on where it says Local or domain account  password      Once the user clicks this they will be able to login with their AD username and password    ","windows 10 login error windows 10 login error thursday, february 23, 2017 1:34 pm windows 10 design consumer facing, microsoft encourage home users login microsoft account instead local computer account. could potentially see error relate users try login. login screen look like this- notice ""username"" box ask e-mail address phone number. try login use domain credentials box, get error message says- ""the password incorrect. make sure use password microsoft account. always reset account.live.com/password/reset fix need make sure user first click say local domain account password user click able login ad username password"
467,Windows 10 v1709 .NET Framework installation," Tuesday, May 29, 2018 10:07 AM **THIS ONLY WORKS FOR WINDOWS 10 VERSION 1709** We have seen some users who need older versions of .NET framework installed so they can run  admin or development tools, but for some reason the installation fails. We have a fix for this. You  will need to remote connect to the user's computer and login as an admin, then LAUNCH the  command prompt as an administrator and execute the following command- Dism /online /enable-feature /featurename:NetFx3 /All /Source:\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic \Win10v1709sxs /LimitAccess The user must be in the office and connected to the network for this to work.    ","[72, 0, 165, 775]",[688],"Windows 10 v1709 .NET Framework installation Windows 10 v1709 .NET Framework installation Windows 10 v1709 .NET Framework installation Windows 10 v1709 .NET Framework installation Windows 10 v1709 .NET Framework installation Windows 10 v1709 .NET Framework installation Windows 10 v1709 .NET Framework installation Windows 10 v1709 .NET Framework installation Windows 10 v1709 .NET Framework installation Windows 10 v1709 .NET Framework installation   Tuesday, May 29, 2018 10:07 AM **THIS ONLY WORKS FOR WINDOWS 10 VERSION 1709** We have seen some users who need older versions of .NET framework installed so they can run  admin or development tools, but for some reason the installation fails. We have a fix for this. You  will need to remote connect to the user's computer and login as an admin, then LAUNCH the  command prompt as an administrator and execute the following command- Dism /online /enable-feature /featurename:NetFx3 /All /Source:\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic \Win10v1709sxs /LimitAccess The user must be in the office and connected to the network for this to work.    ","windows 10 v1709 .net framework installation windows 10 v1709 .net framework installation windows 10 v1709 .net framework installation windows 10 v1709 .net framework installation windows 10 v1709 .net framework installation windows 10 v1709 .net framework installation windows 10 v1709 .net framework installation windows 10 v1709 .net framework installation windows 10 v1709 .net framework installation windows 10 v1709 .net framework installation tuesday, may 29, 2018 10:07 **this work windows 10 version 1709** see users need older versions .net framework instal run admin development tools, reason installation fails. fix this. need remote connect user's computer login admin, launch command prompt administrator execute follow command- dism /online /enable-feature /featurename:netfx3 /all /source:\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic \win10v1709sxs /limitaccess user must office connect network work.","Windows 10 v1709 .NET Framework installation Windows 10 v1709 .NET Framework installation   Tuesday, May 29, 2018 10:07 AM **THIS ONLY WORKS FOR WINDOWS 10 VERSION 1709** We have seen some users who need older versions of .NET framework installed so they can run  admin or development tools, but for some reason the installation fails. We have a fix for this. You  will need to remote connect to the user's computer and login as an admin, then LAUNCH the  command prompt as an administrator and execute the following command- Dism /online /enable-feature /featurename:NetFx3 /All /Source:\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic \Win10v1709sxs /LimitAccess The user must be in the office and connected to the network for this to work.    ","windows 10 v1709 .net framework installation windows 10 v1709 .net framework installation tuesday, may 29, 2018 10:07 **this work windows 10 version 1709** see users need older versions .net framework instal run admin development tools, reason installation fails. fix this. need remote connect user's computer login admin, launch command prompt administrator execute follow command- dism /online /enable-feature /featurename:netfx3 /all /source:\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic \win10v1709sxs /limitaccess user must office connect network work."
468,Windows 7," Monday, June 5, 2017 4:27 PM DIRECT ACCESS IS NOT A PRODUCTION SYSTEM, YOU MUST OBTAIN PERMISSION FROM IT  MANAGEMENT BEFORE SETTING UP DIRECT ACCESS IF THIS IS FOR A LAPTOP FOR A SERVICING USER THERE IS A DIFFERENT SETUP REQUIRED, PLEASE  SPEAK WITH A DESKTOP ENGINEER BEFORE PROCEEDING **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** You must first install the Microsoft Direct Access Connectivity Assistant, there is a copy on the  network here- ""\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\DirectAccess Connectivity Assistant"" Run the installer for the version of Windows 7 you want to setup, x86 or x64, you will need to reboot  once the patch/update is installed Open Active Directory and search for the laptop you want to add to Direct Access Right click the name of the computer once it has been found, select Move, and move the computer  object to the following OU - gmaccm.com --> Berkadia --> Workstations --> PAHOR --> DA Clients      Do another find this time for the DirectAccess Clients group. Add the computer to this AD group Now you have to wait. The policies for configuring the Direct Access connection will install in the  background. It usually takes around 30 minutes before the policies are there. You can test the Direct Access connection by connecting to a non Berkadia network, like a Wi-Fi  hotspot from Verizon or AT&T and seeing if you can access company resources. **NOTE** Always make sure that you have also installed Forticlient when setting up Direct Access.  Should Direct Access have an outage the user would then be able to connect to the VPN via  Forticlient as a backup solution.      Monday, June 5, 2017 4:27 PM DIRECT ACCESS IS NOT A PRODUCTION SYSTEM, YOU MUST OBTAIN PERMISSION FROM IT  MANAGEMENT BEFORE SETTING UP DIRECT ACCESS IF THIS IS FOR A LAPTOP FOR A SERVICING USER THERE IS A DIFFERENT SETUP REQUIRED, PLEASE  SPEAK WITH A DESKTOP ENGINEER BEFORE PROCEEDING **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** You must first install the Microsoft Direct Access Connectivity Assistant, there is a copy on the  network here- ""\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\DirectAccess Connectivity Assistant"" Run the installer for the version of Windows 7 you want to setup, x86 or x64, you will need to reboot  once the patch/update is installed Open Active Directory and search for the laptop you want to add to Direct Access Right click the name of the computer once it has been found, select Move, and move the computer  object to the following OU - gmaccm.com --> Berkadia --> Workstations --> PAHOR --> DA Clients      Do another find this time for the DirectAccess Clients group. Add the computer to this AD group Now you have to wait. The policies for configuring the Direct Access connection will install in the  background. It usually takes around 30 minutes before the policies are there. You can test the Direct Access connection by connecting to a non Berkadia network, like a Wi-Fi  hotspot from Verizon or AT&T and seeing if you can access company resources. **NOTE** Always make sure that you have also installed Forticlient when setting up Direct Access.  Should Direct Access have an outage the user would then be able to connect to the VPN via  Forticlient as a backup solution.    ","[72, 0, 72, 591]","[175, 1192]","Windows 7 Windows 7 Windows 7 Windows 7 Windows 7 Windows 7 Windows 7 Windows 7 Windows 7 Windows 7   Monday, June 5, 2017 4:27 PM DIRECT ACCESS IS NOT A PRODUCTION SYSTEM, YOU MUST OBTAIN PERMISSION FROM IT  MANAGEMENT BEFORE SETTING UP DIRECT ACCESS IF THIS IS FOR A LAPTOP FOR A SERVICING USER THERE IS A DIFFERENT SETUP REQUIRED, PLEASE  SPEAK WITH A DESKTOP ENGINEER BEFORE PROCEEDING **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** You must first install the Microsoft Direct Access Connectivity Assistant, there is a copy on the  network here- ""\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\DirectAccess Connectivity Assistant"" Run the installer for the version of Windows 7 you want to setup, x86 or x64, you will need to reboot  once the patch/update is installed Open Active Directory and search for the laptop you want to add to Direct Access Right click the name of the computer once it has been found, select Move, and move the computer  object to the following OU - gmaccm.com --> Berkadia --> Workstations --> PAHOR --> DA Clients      Do another find this time for the DirectAccess Clients group. Add the computer to this AD group Now you have to wait. The policies for configuring the Direct Access connection will install in the  background. It usually takes around 30 minutes before the policies are there. You can test the Direct Access connection by connecting to a non Berkadia network, like a Wi-Fi  hotspot from Verizon or AT&T and seeing if you can access company resources. **NOTE** Always make sure that you have also installed Forticlient when setting up Direct Access.  Should Direct Access have an outage the user would then be able to connect to the VPN via  Forticlient as a backup solution.      Monday, June 5, 2017 4:27 PM DIRECT ACCESS IS NOT A PRODUCTION SYSTEM, YOU MUST OBTAIN PERMISSION FROM IT  MANAGEMENT BEFORE SETTING UP DIRECT ACCESS IF THIS IS FOR A LAPTOP FOR A SERVICING USER THERE IS A DIFFERENT SETUP REQUIRED, PLEASE  SPEAK WITH A DESKTOP ENGINEER BEFORE PROCEEDING **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** You must first install the Microsoft Direct Access Connectivity Assistant, there is a copy on the  network here- ""\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\DirectAccess Connectivity Assistant"" Run the installer for the version of Windows 7 you want to setup, x86 or x64, you will need to reboot  once the patch/update is installed Open Active Directory and search for the laptop you want to add to Direct Access Right click the name of the computer once it has been found, select Move, and move the computer  object to the following OU - gmaccm.com --> Berkadia --> Workstations --> PAHOR --> DA Clients      Do another find this time for the DirectAccess Clients group. Add the computer to this AD group Now you have to wait. The policies for configuring the Direct Access connection will install in the  background. It usually takes around 30 minutes before the policies are there. You can test the Direct Access connection by connecting to a non Berkadia network, like a Wi-Fi  hotspot from Verizon or AT&T and seeing if you can access company resources. **NOTE** Always make sure that you have also installed Forticlient when setting up Direct Access.  Should Direct Access have an outage the user would then be able to connect to the VPN via  Forticlient as a backup solution.    ","windows 7 windows 7 windows 7 windows 7 windows 7 windows 7 windows 7 windows 7 windows 7 windows 7 monday, june 5, 2017 4:27 pm direct access production system, must obtain permission management set direct access laptop service user different setup required, please speak desktop engineer proceed **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** must first install microsoft direct access connectivity assistant, copy network here- ""\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\directaccess connectivity assistant"" run installer version windows 7 want setup, x86 x64, need reboot patch/update instal open active directory search laptop want add direct access right click name computer found, select move, move computer object follow ou - gmaccm.com --> berkadia --> workstations --> pahor --> da clients another find time directaccess clients group. add computer ad group wait. policies configure direct access connection install background. usually take around 30 minutes policies there. test direct access connection connect non berkadia network, like wi-fi hotspot verizon at&t see access company resources. **note** always make sure also instal forticlient set direct access. direct access outage user would able connect vpn via forticlient backup solution. monday, june 5, 2017 4:27 pm direct access production system, must obtain permission management set direct access laptop service user different setup required, please speak desktop engineer proceed **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** must first install microsoft direct access connectivity assistant, copy network here- ""\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\directaccess connectivity assistant"" run installer version windows 7 want setup, x86 x64, need reboot patch/update instal open active directory search laptop want add direct access right click name computer found, select move, move computer object follow ou - gmaccm.com --> berkadia --> workstations --> pahor --> da clients another find time directaccess clients group. add computer ad group wait. policies configure direct access connection install background. usually take around 30 minutes policies there. test direct access connection connect non berkadia network, like wi-fi hotspot verizon at&t see access company resources. **note** always make sure also instal forticlient set direct access. direct access outage user would able connect vpn via forticlient backup solution.","Windows 7 Windows 7   Monday, June 5, 2017 4:27 PM DIRECT ACCESS IS NOT A PRODUCTION SYSTEM, YOU MUST OBTAIN PERMISSION FROM IT  MANAGEMENT BEFORE SETTING UP DIRECT ACCESS IF THIS IS FOR A LAPTOP FOR A SERVICING USER THERE IS A DIFFERENT SETUP REQUIRED, PLEASE  SPEAK WITH A DESKTOP ENGINEER BEFORE PROCEEDING **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** You must first install the Microsoft Direct Access Connectivity Assistant, there is a copy on the  network here- ""\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\DirectAccess Connectivity Assistant"" Run the installer for the version of Windows 7 you want to setup, x86 or x64, you will need to reboot  once the patch/update is installed Open Active Directory and search for the laptop you want to add to Direct Access Right click the name of the computer once it has been found, select Move, and move the computer  object to the following OU - gmaccm.com --> Berkadia --> Workstations --> PAHOR --> DA Clients      Do another find this time for the DirectAccess Clients group. Add the computer to this AD group Now you have to wait. The policies for configuring the Direct Access connection will install in the  background. It usually takes around 30 minutes before the policies are there. You can test the Direct Access connection by connecting to a non Berkadia network, like a Wi-Fi  hotspot from Verizon or AT&T and seeing if you can access company resources. **NOTE** Always make sure that you have also installed Forticlient when setting up Direct Access.  Should Direct Access have an outage the user would then be able to connect to the VPN via  Forticlient as a backup solution.      Monday, June 5, 2017 4:27 PM DIRECT ACCESS IS NOT A PRODUCTION SYSTEM, YOU MUST OBTAIN PERMISSION FROM IT  MANAGEMENT BEFORE SETTING UP DIRECT ACCESS IF THIS IS FOR A LAPTOP FOR A SERVICING USER THERE IS A DIFFERENT SETUP REQUIRED, PLEASE  SPEAK WITH A DESKTOP ENGINEER BEFORE PROCEEDING **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** You must first install the Microsoft Direct Access Connectivity Assistant, there is a copy on the  network here- ""\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\DirectAccess Connectivity Assistant"" Run the installer for the version of Windows 7 you want to setup, x86 or x64, you will need to reboot  once the patch/update is installed Open Active Directory and search for the laptop you want to add to Direct Access Right click the name of the computer once it has been found, select Move, and move the computer  object to the following OU - gmaccm.com --> Berkadia --> Workstations --> PAHOR --> DA Clients      Do another find this time for the DirectAccess Clients group. Add the computer to this AD group Now you have to wait. The policies for configuring the Direct Access connection will install in the  background. It usually takes around 30 minutes before the policies are there. You can test the Direct Access connection by connecting to a non Berkadia network, like a Wi-Fi  hotspot from Verizon or AT&T and seeing if you can access company resources. **NOTE** Always make sure that you have also installed Forticlient when setting up Direct Access.  Should Direct Access have an outage the user would then be able to connect to the VPN via  Forticlient as a backup solution.    ","windows 7 windows 7 monday, june 5, 2017 4:27 pm direct access production system, must obtain permission management set direct access laptop service user different setup required, please speak desktop engineer proceed **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** must first install microsoft direct access connectivity assistant, copy network here- ""\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\directaccess connectivity assistant"" run installer version windows 7 want setup, x86 x64, need reboot patch/update instal open active directory search laptop want add direct access right click name computer found, select move, move computer object follow ou - gmaccm.com --> berkadia --> workstations --> pahor --> da clients another find time directaccess clients group. add computer ad group wait. policies configure direct access connection install background. usually take around 30 minutes policies there. test direct access connection connect non berkadia network, like wi-fi hotspot verizon at&t see access company resources. **note** always make sure also instal forticlient set direct access. direct access outage user would able connect vpn via forticlient backup solution. monday, june 5, 2017 4:27 pm direct access production system, must obtain permission management set direct access laptop service user different setup required, please speak desktop engineer proceed **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** must first install microsoft direct access connectivity assistant, copy network here- ""\\gmaccm.com\applic\applic\directaccess connectivity assistant"" run installer version windows 7 want setup, x86 x64, need reboot patch/update instal open active directory search laptop want add direct access right click name computer found, select move, move computer object follow ou - gmaccm.com --> berkadia --> workstations --> pahor --> da clients another find time directaccess clients group. add computer ad group wait. policies configure direct access connection install background. usually take around 30 minutes policies there. test direct access connection connect non berkadia network, like wi-fi hotspot verizon at&t see access company resources. **note** always make sure also instal forticlient set direct access. direct access outage user would able connect vpn via forticlient backup solution."
469,Windows Commands ," 11:56 AM Thursday, April 23, 2015 To Access…. Run Command Accessibility Controls   Accessibility Wizard   Add Hardware Wizard Add/Remove Programs Administrative Tools Adobe Acrobat (if installed)   Adobe Designer (if installed)   Adobe Distiller (if installed)   Adobe ImageReady (if installed)   Adobe Photoshop (if installed)   Automatic Updates Bluetooth Transfer Wizard Calculator Certificate Manager Character Map Check Disk Utility Clipboard Viewer Command Prompt Component Services Computer Management Control Panel   Date and Time Properties DDE Shares Device Manager Direct X Control Panel (If Installed)* Direct X Troubleshooter Disk Cleanup Utility Disk Defragment Disk Management Disk Partition Manager Display Properties Display Properties access.cpl   accwiz   hdwwiz.cpl appwiz.cpl control admintools acrobat   acrodist   acrodist   imageready   photoshop   wuaucpl.cpl fsquirt calc certmgr.msc charmap chkdsk clipbrd cmd dcomcnfg compmgmt.msc control   timedate.cpl ddeshare devmgmt.msc directx.cpl dxdiag cleanmgr dfrg.msc diskmgmt.msc diskpart control desktop desk.cpl Display Properties (w/Appearance Tab Preselected) control color Dr. Watson System Troubleshooting Utility Driver Verifier Utility drwtsn32 verifier      Driver Verifier Utility Event Viewer Files and Settings Transfer Tool   File Signature Verification Tool Findfast Firefox (if installed)   Folders Properties Fonts Fonts Folder Free Cell Card Game Game Controllers Group Policy Editor (XP Prof) Hearts Card Game Help and Support   HyperTerminal   Iexpress Wizard Indexing Service Internet Connection Wizard   Internet Explorer   Internet Properties Internet Setup Wizard   verifier eventvwr.msc migwiz   sigverif findfast.cpl firefox   control folders control fonts fonts freecell joy.cpl gpedit.msc mshearts helpctr   hypertrm   iexpress ciadv.msc icwconn1   iexplore   inetcpl.cpl inetwiz   IP Configuration (Display Connection Configuration) ipconfig /all IP Configuration (Display DNS Cache Contents) ipconfig /displaydns IP Configuration (Delete DNS Cache Contents) ipconfig /flushdns IP Configuration (Release All Connections) IP Configuration (Renew All Connections) ipconfig /release ipconfig /renew IP Configuration (Refreshes DHCP & Re-Registers DNS) ipconfig /registerdns IP Configuration (Display DHCP Class ID) ipconfig /showclassid IP Configuration (Modifies DHCP Class ID) ipconfig /setclassid Java Control Panel (If Installed) Java Control Panel (If Installed) Keyboard Properties Local Security Settings Local Users and Groups Logs You Out Of Windows Malicious Software Removal Tool   Microsoft Access (if installed)   Microsoft Chat Microsoft Excel (if installed)   Microsoft Frontpage (if installed)   jpicpl32.cpl javaws control keyboard secpol.msc lusrmgr.msc logoff mrt   access.cpl   winchat excel   frontpg        Microsoft Frontpage (if installed)   Microsoft Movie Maker   Microsoft Paint   Microsoft Powerpoint (if installed)   Microsoft Word (if installed)   Microsoft Syncronization Tool   Minesweeper Game Mouse Properties Mouse Properties Nero (if installed)   Netmeeting   Network Connections Network Connections Network Setup Wizard Notepad Nview Desktop Manager (If Installed) Object Packager ODBC Data Source Administrator On Screen Keyboard Opens AC3 Filter (If Installed) Outlook Express   Paint   Password Properties Performance Monitor Performance Monitor Phone and Modem Options Phone Dialer   Pinball Game   Power Configuration Printers and Faxes Printers Folder Private Character Editor Quicktime (If Installed) Quicktime Player (if installed)   Real Player (if installed)   Regional Settings Registry Editor Registry Editor Remote Access Phonebook   frontpg   moviemk   mspaint   powerpnt   winword   mobsync   winmine control mouse main.cpl nero   conf   control  netconnections ncpa.cpl netsetup.cpl notepad nvtuicpl.cpl packager odbccp32.cpl osk ac3filter.cpl msimn   pbrush   password.cpl perfmon.msc perfmon telephon.cpl dialer   pinball   powercfg.cpl control printers printers eudcedit QuickTime.cpl quicktimeplayer   realplay   intl.cpl regedit regedit32 rasphone        Remote Access Phonebook   Remote Desktop Removable Storage Removable Storage Operator Requests Resultant Set of Policy (XP Prof) Scanners and Cameras Scheduled Tasks Security Center Services Shared Folders Shuts Down Windows Sounds and Audio Spider Solitare Card Game SQL Client Configuration System Configuration Editor System Configuration Utility rasphone   mstsc ntmsmgr.msc ntmsoprq.msc rsop.msc sticpl.cpl control schedtasks wscui.cpl services.msc fsmgmt.msc shutdown mmsys.cpl spider cliconfg sysedit msconfig System File Checker Utility (Scan Immediately) sfc /scannow System File Checker Utility (Scan Once At Next Boot) sfc /scanonce System File Checker Utility (Scan On Every Boot) sfc /scanboot System File Checker Utility (Return to Default Setting) sfc /revert System File Checker Utility (Purge File Cache) sfc /purgecache System File Checker Utility (Set Cache Size to size x) sfc /cachesize=x System Information   System Properties Task Manager TCP Tester   Telnet Client Tweak UI (if installed)   User Account Management Utility Manager Windows Address Book   Windows Address Book Import Utility    Windows Backup Utility (if installed)   Windows Explorer   Windows Firewall Windows Magnifier msinfo32   sysdm.cpl taskmgr tcptest   telnet tweakui   nusrmgr.cpl utilman wab   wabmig   ntbackup   explorer   firewall.cpl magnify Windows Management Infrastructure wmimgmt.msc Windows Media Player   Windows Messenger   wmplayer   msmsgs   Windows Picture Import Wizard (need camera  wiaacmgr        Windows Picture Import Wizard (need camera  connected)   wiaacmgr   Windows System Security Tool Windows Update Launches Windows Version (to show which version of  windows)   Windows XP Tour Wizard Wordpad syskey wupdmgr winver   tourstart write    ","[72, 0, 72, 779]","[664, 668]","Windows Commands  Windows Commands  Windows Commands  Windows Commands  Windows Commands  Windows Commands  Windows Commands  Windows Commands  Windows Commands  Windows Commands    11:56 AM Thursday, April 23, 2015 To Access…. Run Command Accessibility Controls   Accessibility Wizard   Add Hardware Wizard Add/Remove Programs Administrative Tools Adobe Acrobat (if installed)   Adobe Designer (if installed)   Adobe Distiller (if installed)   Adobe ImageReady (if installed)   Adobe Photoshop (if installed)   Automatic Updates Bluetooth Transfer Wizard Calculator Certificate Manager Character Map Check Disk Utility Clipboard Viewer Command Prompt Component Services Computer Management Control Panel   Date and Time Properties DDE Shares Device Manager Direct X Control Panel (If Installed)* Direct X Troubleshooter Disk Cleanup Utility Disk Defragment Disk Management Disk Partition Manager Display Properties Display Properties access.cpl   accwiz   hdwwiz.cpl appwiz.cpl control admintools acrobat   acrodist   acrodist   imageready   photoshop   wuaucpl.cpl fsquirt calc certmgr.msc charmap chkdsk clipbrd cmd dcomcnfg compmgmt.msc control   timedate.cpl ddeshare devmgmt.msc directx.cpl dxdiag cleanmgr dfrg.msc diskmgmt.msc diskpart control desktop desk.cpl Display Properties (w/Appearance Tab Preselected) control color Dr. Watson System Troubleshooting Utility Driver Verifier Utility drwtsn32 verifier      Driver Verifier Utility Event Viewer Files and Settings Transfer Tool   File Signature Verification Tool Findfast Firefox (if installed)   Folders Properties Fonts Fonts Folder Free Cell Card Game Game Controllers Group Policy Editor (XP Prof) Hearts Card Game Help and Support   HyperTerminal   Iexpress Wizard Indexing Service Internet Connection Wizard   Internet Explorer   Internet Properties Internet Setup Wizard   verifier eventvwr.msc migwiz   sigverif findfast.cpl firefox   control folders control fonts fonts freecell joy.cpl gpedit.msc mshearts helpctr   hypertrm   iexpress ciadv.msc icwconn1   iexplore   inetcpl.cpl inetwiz   IP Configuration (Display Connection Configuration) ipconfig /all IP Configuration (Display DNS Cache Contents) ipconfig /displaydns IP Configuration (Delete DNS Cache Contents) ipconfig /flushdns IP Configuration (Release All Connections) IP Configuration (Renew All Connections) ipconfig /release ipconfig /renew IP Configuration (Refreshes DHCP & Re-Registers DNS) ipconfig /registerdns IP Configuration (Display DHCP Class ID) ipconfig /showclassid IP Configuration (Modifies DHCP Class ID) ipconfig /setclassid Java Control Panel (If Installed) Java Control Panel (If Installed) Keyboard Properties Local Security Settings Local Users and Groups Logs You Out Of Windows Malicious Software Removal Tool   Microsoft Access (if installed)   Microsoft Chat Microsoft Excel (if installed)   Microsoft Frontpage (if installed)   jpicpl32.cpl javaws control keyboard secpol.msc lusrmgr.msc logoff mrt   access.cpl   winchat excel   frontpg        Microsoft Frontpage (if installed)   Microsoft Movie Maker   Microsoft Paint   Microsoft Powerpoint (if installed)   Microsoft Word (if installed)   Microsoft Syncronization Tool   Minesweeper Game Mouse Properties Mouse Properties Nero (if installed)   Netmeeting   Network Connections Network Connections Network Setup Wizard Notepad Nview Desktop Manager (If Installed) Object Packager ODBC Data Source Administrator On Screen Keyboard Opens AC3 Filter (If Installed) Outlook Express   Paint   Password Properties Performance Monitor Performance Monitor Phone and Modem Options Phone Dialer   Pinball Game   Power Configuration Printers and Faxes Printers Folder Private Character Editor Quicktime (If Installed) Quicktime Player (if installed)   Real Player (if installed)   Regional Settings Registry Editor Registry Editor Remote Access Phonebook   frontpg   moviemk   mspaint   powerpnt   winword   mobsync   winmine control mouse main.cpl nero   conf   control  netconnections ncpa.cpl netsetup.cpl notepad nvtuicpl.cpl packager odbccp32.cpl osk ac3filter.cpl msimn   pbrush   password.cpl perfmon.msc perfmon telephon.cpl dialer   pinball   powercfg.cpl control printers printers eudcedit QuickTime.cpl quicktimeplayer   realplay   intl.cpl regedit regedit32 rasphone        Remote Access Phonebook   Remote Desktop Removable Storage Removable Storage Operator Requests Resultant Set of Policy (XP Prof) Scanners and Cameras Scheduled Tasks Security Center Services Shared Folders Shuts Down Windows Sounds and Audio Spider Solitare Card Game SQL Client Configuration System Configuration Editor System Configuration Utility rasphone   mstsc ntmsmgr.msc ntmsoprq.msc rsop.msc sticpl.cpl control schedtasks wscui.cpl services.msc fsmgmt.msc shutdown mmsys.cpl spider cliconfg sysedit msconfig System File Checker Utility (Scan Immediately) sfc /scannow System File Checker Utility (Scan Once At Next Boot) sfc /scanonce System File Checker Utility (Scan On Every Boot) sfc /scanboot System File Checker Utility (Return to Default Setting) sfc /revert System File Checker Utility (Purge File Cache) sfc /purgecache System File Checker Utility (Set Cache Size to size x) sfc /cachesize=x System Information   System Properties Task Manager TCP Tester   Telnet Client Tweak UI (if installed)   User Account Management Utility Manager Windows Address Book   Windows Address Book Import Utility    Windows Backup Utility (if installed)   Windows Explorer   Windows Firewall Windows Magnifier msinfo32   sysdm.cpl taskmgr tcptest   telnet tweakui   nusrmgr.cpl utilman wab   wabmig   ntbackup   explorer   firewall.cpl magnify Windows Management Infrastructure wmimgmt.msc Windows Media Player   Windows Messenger   wmplayer   msmsgs   Windows Picture Import Wizard (need camera  wiaacmgr        Windows Picture Import Wizard (need camera  connected)   wiaacmgr   Windows System Security Tool Windows Update Launches Windows Version (to show which version of  windows)   Windows XP Tour Wizard Wordpad syskey wupdmgr winver   tourstart write    ","windows command windows command windows command windows command windows command windows command windows command windows command windows command windows command 11:56 thursday, april 23, 2015 access…. run command accessibility control accessibility wizard add hardware wizard add/remove program administrative tool adobe acrobat (if installed) adobe designer (if installed) adobe distiller (if installed) adobe imageready (if installed) adobe photoshop (if installed) automatic update bluetooth transfer wizard calculator certificate manager character map check disk utility clipboard viewer command prompt component service computer management control panel date time properties dde share device manager direct x control panel (if installed)* direct x troubleshooter disk cleanup utility disk defragment disk management disk partition manager display properties display properties access.cpl accwiz hdwwiz.cpl appwiz.cpl control admintools acrobat acrodist acrodist imageready photoshop wuaucpl.cpl fsquirt calc certmgr.msc charmap chkdsk clipbrd cmd dcomcnfg compmgmt.msc control timedate.cpl ddeshare devmgmt.msc directx.cpl dxdiag cleanmgr dfrg.msc diskmgmt.msc diskpart control desktop desk.cpl display properties (w/appearance tab preselected) control color dr. watson system troubleshoot utility driver verifier utility drwtsn32 verifier driver verifier utility event viewer file settings transfer tool file signature verification tool findfast firefox (if installed) folders properties fonts fonts folder free cell card game game controllers group policy editor (xp prof) hearts card game help support hyperterminal iexpress wizard index service internet connection wizard internet explorer internet properties internet setup wizard verifier eventvwr.msc migwiz sigverif findfast.cpl firefox control folders control fonts fonts freecell joy.cpl gpedit.msc mshearts helpctr hypertrm iexpress ciadv.msc icwconn1 iexplore inetcpl.cpl inetwiz ip configuration (display connection configuration) ipconfig /all ip configuration (display dns cache contents) ipconfig /displaydns ip configuration (delete dns cache contents) ipconfig /flushdns ip configuration (release connections) ip configuration (renew connections) ipconfig /release ipconfig /renew ip configuration (refreshes dhcp & re-registers dns) ipconfig /registerdns ip configuration (display dhcp class id) ipconfig /showclassid ip configuration (modifies dhcp class id) ipconfig /setclassid java control panel (if installed) java control panel (if installed) keyboard properties local security settings local users group log windows malicious software removal tool microsoft access (if installed) microsoft chat microsoft excel (if installed) microsoft frontpage (if installed) jpicpl32.cpl javaws control keyboard secpol.msc lusrmgr.msc logoff mrt access.cpl winchat excel frontpg microsoft frontpage (if installed) microsoft movie maker microsoft paint microsoft powerpoint (if installed) microsoft word (if installed) microsoft syncronization tool minesweeper game mouse properties mouse properties nero (if installed) netmeeting network connections network connections network setup wizard notepad nview desktop manager (if installed) object packager odbc data source administrator screen keyboard open ac3 filter (if installed) outlook express paint password properties performance monitor performance monitor phone modem options phone dialer pinball game power configuration printers fax printers folder private character editor quicktime (if installed) quicktime player (if installed) real player (if installed) regional settings registry editor registry editor remote access phonebook frontpg moviemk mspaint powerpnt winword mobsync winmine control mouse main.cpl nero conf control netconnections ncpa.cpl netsetup.cpl notepad nvtuicpl.cpl packager odbccp32.cpl osk ac3filter.cpl msimn pbrush password.cpl perfmon.msc perfmon telephon.cpl dialer pinball powercfg.cpl control printers printers eudcedit quicktime.cpl quicktimeplayer realplay intl.cpl regedit regedit32 rasphone remote access phonebook remote desktop removable storage removable storage operator request resultant set policy (xp prof) scanners cameras schedule task security center service share folders shut windows sound audio spider solitare card game sql client configuration system configuration editor system configuration utility rasphone mstsc ntmsmgr.msc ntmsoprq.msc rsop.msc sticpl.cpl control schedtasks wscui.cpl services.msc fsmgmt.msc shutdown mmsys.cpl spider cliconfg sysedit msconfig system file checker utility (scan immediately) sfc /scannow system file checker utility (scan next boot) sfc /scanonce system file checker utility (scan every boot) sfc /scanboot system file checker utility (return default setting) sfc /revert system file checker utility (purge file cache) sfc /purgecache system file checker utility (set cache size size x) sfc /cachesize=x system information system properties task manager tcp tester telnet client tweak ui (if installed) user account management utility manager windows address book windows address book import utility windows backup utility (if installed) windows explorer windows firewall windows magnifier msinfo32 sysdm.cpl taskmgr tcptest telnet tweakui nusrmgr.cpl utilman wab wabmig ntbackup explorer firewall.cpl magnify windows management infrastructure wmimgmt.msc windows media player windows messenger wmplayer msmsgs windows picture import wizard (need camera wiaacmgr windows picture import wizard (need camera connected) wiaacmgr windows system security tool windows update launch windows version (to show version windows) windows xp tour wizard wordpad syskey wupdmgr winver tourstart write","Windows Commands  Windows Commands    11:56 AM Thursday, April 23, 2015 To Access…. Run Command Accessibility Controls   Accessibility Wizard   Add Hardware Wizard Add/Remove Programs Administrative Tools Adobe Acrobat (if installed)   Adobe Designer (if installed)   Adobe Distiller (if installed)   Adobe ImageReady (if installed)   Adobe Photoshop (if installed)   Automatic Updates Bluetooth Transfer Wizard Calculator Certificate Manager Character Map Check Disk Utility Clipboard Viewer Command Prompt Component Services Computer Management Control Panel   Date and Time Properties DDE Shares Device Manager Direct X Control Panel (If Installed)* Direct X Troubleshooter Disk Cleanup Utility Disk Defragment Disk Management Disk Partition Manager Display Properties Display Properties access.cpl   accwiz   hdwwiz.cpl appwiz.cpl control admintools acrobat   acrodist   acrodist   imageready   photoshop   wuaucpl.cpl fsquirt calc certmgr.msc charmap chkdsk clipbrd cmd dcomcnfg compmgmt.msc control   timedate.cpl ddeshare devmgmt.msc directx.cpl dxdiag cleanmgr dfrg.msc diskmgmt.msc diskpart control desktop desk.cpl Display Properties (w/Appearance Tab Preselected) control color Dr. Watson System Troubleshooting Utility Driver Verifier Utility drwtsn32 verifier      Driver Verifier Utility Event Viewer Files and Settings Transfer Tool   File Signature Verification Tool Findfast Firefox (if installed)   Folders Properties Fonts Fonts Folder Free Cell Card Game Game Controllers Group Policy Editor (XP Prof) Hearts Card Game Help and Support   HyperTerminal   Iexpress Wizard Indexing Service Internet Connection Wizard   Internet Explorer   Internet Properties Internet Setup Wizard   verifier eventvwr.msc migwiz   sigverif findfast.cpl firefox   control folders control fonts fonts freecell joy.cpl gpedit.msc mshearts helpctr   hypertrm   iexpress ciadv.msc icwconn1   iexplore   inetcpl.cpl inetwiz   IP Configuration (Display Connection Configuration) ipconfig /all IP Configuration (Display DNS Cache Contents) ipconfig /displaydns IP Configuration (Delete DNS Cache Contents) ipconfig /flushdns IP Configuration (Release All Connections) IP Configuration (Renew All Connections) ipconfig /release ipconfig /renew IP Configuration (Refreshes DHCP & Re-Registers DNS) ipconfig /registerdns IP Configuration (Display DHCP Class ID) ipconfig /showclassid IP Configuration (Modifies DHCP Class ID) ipconfig /setclassid Java Control Panel (If Installed) Java Control Panel (If Installed) Keyboard Properties Local Security Settings Local Users and Groups Logs You Out Of Windows Malicious Software Removal Tool   Microsoft Access (if installed)   Microsoft Chat Microsoft Excel (if installed)   Microsoft Frontpage (if installed)   jpicpl32.cpl javaws control keyboard secpol.msc lusrmgr.msc logoff mrt   access.cpl   winchat excel   frontpg        Microsoft Frontpage (if installed)   Microsoft Movie Maker   Microsoft Paint   Microsoft Powerpoint (if installed)   Microsoft Word (if installed)   Microsoft Syncronization Tool   Minesweeper Game Mouse Properties Mouse Properties Nero (if installed)   Netmeeting   Network Connections Network Connections Network Setup Wizard Notepad Nview Desktop Manager (If Installed) Object Packager ODBC Data Source Administrator On Screen Keyboard Opens AC3 Filter (If Installed) Outlook Express   Paint   Password Properties Performance Monitor Performance Monitor Phone and Modem Options Phone Dialer   Pinball Game   Power Configuration Printers and Faxes Printers Folder Private Character Editor Quicktime (If Installed) Quicktime Player (if installed)   Real Player (if installed)   Regional Settings Registry Editor Registry Editor Remote Access Phonebook   frontpg   moviemk   mspaint   powerpnt   winword   mobsync   winmine control mouse main.cpl nero   conf   control  netconnections ncpa.cpl netsetup.cpl notepad nvtuicpl.cpl packager odbccp32.cpl osk ac3filter.cpl msimn   pbrush   password.cpl perfmon.msc perfmon telephon.cpl dialer   pinball   powercfg.cpl control printers printers eudcedit QuickTime.cpl quicktimeplayer   realplay   intl.cpl regedit regedit32 rasphone        Remote Access Phonebook   Remote Desktop Removable Storage Removable Storage Operator Requests Resultant Set of Policy (XP Prof) Scanners and Cameras Scheduled Tasks Security Center Services Shared Folders Shuts Down Windows Sounds and Audio Spider Solitare Card Game SQL Client Configuration System Configuration Editor System Configuration Utility rasphone   mstsc ntmsmgr.msc ntmsoprq.msc rsop.msc sticpl.cpl control schedtasks wscui.cpl services.msc fsmgmt.msc shutdown mmsys.cpl spider cliconfg sysedit msconfig System File Checker Utility (Scan Immediately) sfc /scannow System File Checker Utility (Scan Once At Next Boot) sfc /scanonce System File Checker Utility (Scan On Every Boot) sfc /scanboot System File Checker Utility (Return to Default Setting) sfc /revert System File Checker Utility (Purge File Cache) sfc /purgecache System File Checker Utility (Set Cache Size to size x) sfc /cachesize=x System Information   System Properties Task Manager TCP Tester   Telnet Client Tweak UI (if installed)   User Account Management Utility Manager Windows Address Book   Windows Address Book Import Utility    Windows Backup Utility (if installed)   Windows Explorer   Windows Firewall Windows Magnifier msinfo32   sysdm.cpl taskmgr tcptest   telnet tweakui   nusrmgr.cpl utilman wab   wabmig   ntbackup   explorer   firewall.cpl magnify Windows Management Infrastructure wmimgmt.msc Windows Media Player   Windows Messenger   wmplayer   msmsgs   Windows Picture Import Wizard (need camera  wiaacmgr        Windows Picture Import Wizard (need camera  connected)   wiaacmgr   Windows System Security Tool Windows Update Launches Windows Version (to show which version of  windows)   Windows XP Tour Wizard Wordpad syskey wupdmgr winver   tourstart write    ","windows command windows command 11:56 thursday, april 23, 2015 access…. run command accessibility control accessibility wizard add hardware wizard add/remove program administrative tool adobe acrobat (if installed) adobe designer (if installed) adobe distiller (if installed) adobe imageready (if installed) adobe photoshop (if installed) automatic update bluetooth transfer wizard calculator certificate manager character map check disk utility clipboard viewer command prompt component service computer management control panel date time properties dde share device manager direct x control panel (if installed)* direct x troubleshooter disk cleanup utility disk defragment disk management disk partition manager display properties display properties access.cpl accwiz hdwwiz.cpl appwiz.cpl control admintools acrobat acrodist acrodist imageready photoshop wuaucpl.cpl fsquirt calc certmgr.msc charmap chkdsk clipbrd cmd dcomcnfg compmgmt.msc control timedate.cpl ddeshare devmgmt.msc directx.cpl dxdiag cleanmgr dfrg.msc diskmgmt.msc diskpart control desktop desk.cpl display properties (w/appearance tab preselected) control color dr. watson system troubleshoot utility driver verifier utility drwtsn32 verifier driver verifier utility event viewer file settings transfer tool file signature verification tool findfast firefox (if installed) folders properties fonts fonts folder free cell card game game controllers group policy editor (xp prof) hearts card game help support hyperterminal iexpress wizard index service internet connection wizard internet explorer internet properties internet setup wizard verifier eventvwr.msc migwiz sigverif findfast.cpl firefox control folders control fonts fonts freecell joy.cpl gpedit.msc mshearts helpctr hypertrm iexpress ciadv.msc icwconn1 iexplore inetcpl.cpl inetwiz ip configuration (display connection configuration) ipconfig /all ip configuration (display dns cache contents) ipconfig /displaydns ip configuration (delete dns cache contents) ipconfig /flushdns ip configuration (release connections) ip configuration (renew connections) ipconfig /release ipconfig /renew ip configuration (refreshes dhcp & re-registers dns) ipconfig /registerdns ip configuration (display dhcp class id) ipconfig /showclassid ip configuration (modifies dhcp class id) ipconfig /setclassid java control panel (if installed) java control panel (if installed) keyboard properties local security settings local users group log windows malicious software removal tool microsoft access (if installed) microsoft chat microsoft excel (if installed) microsoft frontpage (if installed) jpicpl32.cpl javaws control keyboard secpol.msc lusrmgr.msc logoff mrt access.cpl winchat excel frontpg microsoft frontpage (if installed) microsoft movie maker microsoft paint microsoft powerpoint (if installed) microsoft word (if installed) microsoft syncronization tool minesweeper game mouse properties mouse properties nero (if installed) netmeeting network connections network connections network setup wizard notepad nview desktop manager (if installed) object packager odbc data source administrator screen keyboard open ac3 filter (if installed) outlook express paint password properties performance monitor performance monitor phone modem options phone dialer pinball game power configuration printers fax printers folder private character editor quicktime (if installed) quicktime player (if installed) real player (if installed) regional settings registry editor registry editor remote access phonebook frontpg moviemk mspaint powerpnt winword mobsync winmine control mouse main.cpl nero conf control netconnections ncpa.cpl netsetup.cpl notepad nvtuicpl.cpl packager odbccp32.cpl osk ac3filter.cpl msimn pbrush password.cpl perfmon.msc perfmon telephon.cpl dialer pinball powercfg.cpl control printers printers eudcedit quicktime.cpl quicktimeplayer realplay intl.cpl regedit regedit32 rasphone remote access phonebook remote desktop removable storage removable storage operator request resultant set policy (xp prof) scanners cameras schedule task security center service share folders shut windows sound audio spider solitare card game sql client configuration system configuration editor system configuration utility rasphone mstsc ntmsmgr.msc ntmsoprq.msc rsop.msc sticpl.cpl control schedtasks wscui.cpl services.msc fsmgmt.msc shutdown mmsys.cpl spider cliconfg sysedit msconfig system file checker utility (scan immediately) sfc /scannow system file checker utility (scan next boot) sfc /scanonce system file checker utility (scan every boot) sfc /scanboot system file checker utility (return default setting) sfc /revert system file checker utility (purge file cache) sfc /purgecache system file checker utility (set cache size size x) sfc /cachesize=x system information system properties task manager tcp tester telnet client tweak ui (if installed) user account management utility manager windows address book windows address book import utility windows backup utility (if installed) windows explorer windows firewall windows magnifier msinfo32 sysdm.cpl taskmgr tcptest telnet tweakui nusrmgr.cpl utilman wab wabmig ntbackup explorer firewall.cpl magnify windows management infrastructure wmimgmt.msc windows media player windows messenger wmplayer msmsgs windows picture import wizard (need camera wiaacmgr windows picture import wizard (need camera connected) wiaacmgr windows system security tool windows update launch windows version (to show version windows) windows xp tour wizard wordpad syskey wupdmgr winver tourstart write"
470,Windows cannot connect to the printer 0x00000057," Monday, February 26, 2018 4:54 PM *** Under review *** https://social.technet.microsoft.com/Forums/ie/en-US/a225d71c-be8b-4530- bf50-63001559a978/windows-can-not-connect-to-the-printer-0x00000057?forum=itmanager Get a copy of this .inf driver folder from a machine that can print normally: C:\WINDOWS\System32\DriverStore\FileRepository\x3univx.inf_amd64_neutral_ 5544d396029d38b9 Here is a zipped copy of the driver folder: https://berkadia.sharepoint.com/sites/HelpDesk/SiteAssets/HelpDesk%20Notebook%20-% 20Linked%20Files/x3univx.inf_amd64_neutral_5544d396029d38b9.zip On the bad machine, check if that .inf driver folder is missing, if it is: Take ownership of FileRepository folder Add your adm account to folder security with full control (ignore warning) Paste good copy of driver folder, override file as needed Try to connect to the printers on print server/share again    ","[72, 0, 184, 775]",[1068],"Windows cannot connect to the printer 0x00000057 Windows cannot connect to the printer 0x00000057 Windows cannot connect to the printer 0x00000057 Windows cannot connect to the printer 0x00000057 Windows cannot connect to the printer 0x00000057 Windows cannot connect to the printer 0x00000057 Windows cannot connect to the printer 0x00000057 Windows cannot connect to the printer 0x00000057 Windows cannot connect to the printer 0x00000057 Windows cannot connect to the printer 0x00000057   Monday, February 26, 2018 4:54 PM *** Under review *** https://social.technet.microsoft.com/Forums/ie/en-US/a225d71c-be8b-4530- bf50-63001559a978/windows-can-not-connect-to-the-printer-0x00000057?forum=itmanager Get a copy of this .inf driver folder from a machine that can print normally: C:\WINDOWS\System32\DriverStore\FileRepository\x3univx.inf_amd64_neutral_ 5544d396029d38b9 Here is a zipped copy of the driver folder: https://berkadia.sharepoint.com/sites/HelpDesk/SiteAssets/HelpDesk%20Notebook%20-% 20Linked%20Files/x3univx.inf_amd64_neutral_5544d396029d38b9.zip On the bad machine, check if that .inf driver folder is missing, if it is: Take ownership of FileRepository folder Add your adm account to folder security with full control (ignore warning) Paste good copy of driver folder, override file as needed Try to connect to the printers on print server/share again    ","windows cannot connect printer 0x00000057 windows cannot connect printer 0x00000057 windows cannot connect printer 0x00000057 windows cannot connect printer 0x00000057 windows cannot connect printer 0x00000057 windows cannot connect printer 0x00000057 windows cannot connect printer 0x00000057 windows cannot connect printer 0x00000057 windows cannot connect printer 0x00000057 windows cannot connect printer 0x00000057 monday, february 26, 2018 4:54 pm *** review *** https://social.technet.microsoft.com/forums/ie/en-us/a225d71c-be8b-4530- bf50-63001559a978/windows-can-not-connect-to-the-printer-0x00000057forum=itmanager get copy .inf driver folder machine print normally: c:\windows\system32\driverstore\filerepository\x3univx.inf_amd64_neutral_ 5544d396029d38b9 zip copy driver folder: https://berkadia.sharepoint.com/sites/helpdesk/siteassets/helpdesk%20notebook%20-% 20linked%20files/x3univx.inf_amd64_neutral_5544d396029d38b9.zip bad machine, check .inf driver folder missing, is: take ownership filerepository folder add adm account folder security full control (ignore warning) paste good copy driver folder, override file need try connect printers print server/share","Windows cannot connect to the printer 0x00000057 Windows cannot connect to the printer 0x00000057   Monday, February 26, 2018 4:54 PM *** Under review *** https://social.technet.microsoft.com/Forums/ie/en-US/a225d71c-be8b-4530- bf50-63001559a978/windows-can-not-connect-to-the-printer-0x00000057?forum=itmanager Get a copy of this .inf driver folder from a machine that can print normally: C:\WINDOWS\System32\DriverStore\FileRepository\x3univx.inf_amd64_neutral_ 5544d396029d38b9 Here is a zipped copy of the driver folder: https://berkadia.sharepoint.com/sites/HelpDesk/SiteAssets/HelpDesk%20Notebook%20-% 20Linked%20Files/x3univx.inf_amd64_neutral_5544d396029d38b9.zip On the bad machine, check if that .inf driver folder is missing, if it is: Take ownership of FileRepository folder Add your adm account to folder security with full control (ignore warning) Paste good copy of driver folder, override file as needed Try to connect to the printers on print server/share again    ","windows cannot connect printer 0x00000057 windows cannot connect printer 0x00000057 monday, february 26, 2018 4:54 pm *** review *** https://social.technet.microsoft.com/forums/ie/en-us/a225d71c-be8b-4530- bf50-63001559a978/windows-can-not-connect-to-the-printer-0x00000057forum=itmanager get copy .inf driver folder machine print normally: c:\windows\system32\driverstore\filerepository\x3univx.inf_amd64_neutral_ 5544d396029d38b9 zip copy driver folder: https://berkadia.sharepoint.com/sites/helpdesk/siteassets/helpdesk%20notebook%20-% 20linked%20files/x3univx.inf_amd64_neutral_5544d396029d38b9.zip bad machine, check .inf driver folder missing, is: take ownership filerepository folder add adm account folder security full control (ignore warning) paste good copy driver folder, override file need try connect printers print server/share"
471,Windows cannot connect to the printer 0x000003eb," Monday, February 26, 2018 4:54 PM https://h30434.www3.hp.com/t5/LaserJet-Printing/Error-0x000003eb/td-p/1331373    ","[72, 0, 184, 775]",[1067],"Windows cannot connect to the printer 0x000003eb Windows cannot connect to the printer 0x000003eb Windows cannot connect to the printer 0x000003eb Windows cannot connect to the printer 0x000003eb Windows cannot connect to the printer 0x000003eb Windows cannot connect to the printer 0x000003eb Windows cannot connect to the printer 0x000003eb Windows cannot connect to the printer 0x000003eb Windows cannot connect to the printer 0x000003eb Windows cannot connect to the printer 0x000003eb   Monday, February 26, 2018 4:54 PM https://h30434.www3.hp.com/t5/LaserJet-Printing/Error-0x000003eb/td-p/1331373    ","windows cannot connect printer 0x000003eb windows cannot connect printer 0x000003eb windows cannot connect printer 0x000003eb windows cannot connect printer 0x000003eb windows cannot connect printer 0x000003eb windows cannot connect printer 0x000003eb windows cannot connect printer 0x000003eb windows cannot connect printer 0x000003eb windows cannot connect printer 0x000003eb windows cannot connect printer 0x000003eb monday, february 26, 2018 4:54 pm https://h30434.www3.hp.com/t5/laserjet-printing/error-0x000003eb/td-p/1331373","Windows cannot connect to the printer 0x000003eb Windows cannot connect to the printer 0x000003eb   Monday, February 26, 2018 4:54 PM https://h30434.www3.hp.com/t5/LaserJet-Printing/Error-0x000003eb/td-p/1331373    ","windows cannot connect printer 0x000003eb windows cannot connect printer 0x000003eb monday, february 26, 2018 4:54 pm https://h30434.www3.hp.com/t5/laserjet-printing/error-0x000003eb/td-p/1331373"
472,Wireless Access," Tuesday, April 29, 2014 8:31 AM Receivables: An e-mail must be sent from the requestor to the Security Mailbox with the following  information included a.) b.) c.) d.) Guest Name Third Party Company the guest is associated with Length of time guest access is needed Name of Company employee the guest will be reporting to. Actions Needed:  1.) 2.) 3.) Once the necessary information has been sent to the Security Mailbox (see  Receivables), connect to the Monowall Application via  http://pa401monowall:8081/services_captiveportal_users.php Under the Services section, click on Captive Portal Click on the Users Tab.","[69, 532, 205, 780]",[788],"Wireless Access Wireless Access Wireless Access Wireless Access Wireless Access Wireless Access Wireless Access Wireless Access Wireless Access Wireless Access   Tuesday, April 29, 2014 8:31 AM Receivables: An e-mail must be sent from the requestor to the Security Mailbox with the following  information included a.) b.) c.) d.) Guest Name Third Party Company the guest is associated with Length of time guest access is needed Name of Company employee the guest will be reporting to. Actions Needed:  1.) 2.) 3.) Once the necessary information has been sent to the Security Mailbox (see  Receivables), connect to the Monowall Application via  http://pa401monowall:8081/services_captiveportal_users.php Under the Services section, click on Captive Portal Click on the Users Tab.","wireless access wireless access wireless access wireless access wireless access wireless access wireless access wireless access wireless access wireless access tuesday, april 29, 2014 8:31 receivables: e-mail must send requestor security mailbox follow information include a.) b.) c.) d.) guest name third party company guest associate length time guest access need name company employee guest report to. action needed: 1.) 2.) 3.) necessary information send security mailbox (see receivables), connect monowall application via http://pa401monowall:8081/services_captiveportal_users.php service section, click captive portal click users tab.","Wireless Access Wireless Access   Tuesday, April 29, 2014 8:31 AM Receivables: An e-mail must be sent from the requestor to the Security Mailbox with the following  information included a.) b.) c.) d.) Guest Name Third Party Company the guest is associated with Length of time guest access is needed Name of Company employee the guest will be reporting to. Actions Needed:  1.) 2.) 3.) Once the necessary information has been sent to the Security Mailbox (see  Receivables), connect to the Monowall Application via  http://pa401monowall:8081/services_captiveportal_users.php Under the Services section, click on Captive Portal Click on the Users Tab.","wireless access wireless access tuesday, april 29, 2014 8:31 receivables: e-mail must send requestor security mailbox follow information include a.) b.) c.) d.) guest name third party company guest associate length time guest access need name company employee guest report to. action needed: 1.) 2.) 3.) necessary information send security mailbox (see receivables), connect monowall application via http://pa401monowall:8081/services_captiveportal_users.php service section, click captive portal click users tab."
473,Wireless Connection Management," Thursday, January 7, 2016 12:26 PM Wireless Management One of the big complaints about Windows 8 was that Microsoft removed the ability to manage  wireless networks from the Network and Sharing Center and moved it to the charms bar. This was a  huge learning curve for most people who were used to the way Windows 7 worked.  In Windows 10 they have not restored the functionality to the Network and Sharing Center, and  since they have removed the charms bar they needed to create a new place to manage wireless  networks. If you left click on the wireless icon in the notifications are of the system tray, you will be  presented with a list of available wireless networks to connect to. From here you can easily connect to a wireless network. However, if you want to manage your  wireless networks you will have to access the Network & Internet settings in the Settings app. To get  there you can click on the link right below the wireless networks listed (see image above) where is  says Network Settings. You can also go through the new Settings app, and click on the Network &       says Network Settings. You can also go through the new Settings app, and click on the Network &  Internet icon. Under the Wi-Fi section you will be presented with a list of wireless networks and links to the  modules for managing wireless networks.    ","[71, 0, 71, 776]","[679, 680]","Wireless Connection Management Wireless Connection Management Wireless Connection Management Wireless Connection Management Wireless Connection Management Wireless Connection Management Wireless Connection Management Wireless Connection Management Wireless Connection Management Wireless Connection Management   Thursday, January 7, 2016 12:26 PM Wireless Management One of the big complaints about Windows 8 was that Microsoft removed the ability to manage  wireless networks from the Network and Sharing Center and moved it to the charms bar. This was a  huge learning curve for most people who were used to the way Windows 7 worked.  In Windows 10 they have not restored the functionality to the Network and Sharing Center, and  since they have removed the charms bar they needed to create a new place to manage wireless  networks. If you left click on the wireless icon in the notifications are of the system tray, you will be  presented with a list of available wireless networks to connect to. From here you can easily connect to a wireless network. However, if you want to manage your  wireless networks you will have to access the Network & Internet settings in the Settings app. To get  there you can click on the link right below the wireless networks listed (see image above) where is  says Network Settings. You can also go through the new Settings app, and click on the Network &       says Network Settings. You can also go through the new Settings app, and click on the Network &  Internet icon. Under the Wi-Fi section you will be presented with a list of wireless networks and links to the  modules for managing wireless networks.    ","wireless connection management wireless connection management wireless connection management wireless connection management wireless connection management wireless connection management wireless connection management wireless connection management wireless connection management wireless connection management thursday, january 7, 2016 12:26 pm wireless management one big complaints windows 8 microsoft remove ability manage wireless network network share center move charm bar. huge learn curve people use way windows 7 worked. windows 10 restore functionality network share center, since remove charm bar need create new place manage wireless networks. leave click wireless icon notifications system tray, present list available wireless network connect to. easily connect wireless network. however, want manage wireless network access network & internet settings settings app. get click link right wireless network list (see image above) say network settings. also go new settings app, click network & say network settings. also go new settings app, click network & internet icon. wi-fi section present list wireless network link modules manage wireless networks.","Wireless Connection Management Wireless Connection Management   Thursday, January 7, 2016 12:26 PM Wireless Management One of the big complaints about Windows 8 was that Microsoft removed the ability to manage  wireless networks from the Network and Sharing Center and moved it to the charms bar. This was a  huge learning curve for most people who were used to the way Windows 7 worked.  In Windows 10 they have not restored the functionality to the Network and Sharing Center, and  since they have removed the charms bar they needed to create a new place to manage wireless  networks. If you left click on the wireless icon in the notifications are of the system tray, you will be  presented with a list of available wireless networks to connect to. From here you can easily connect to a wireless network. However, if you want to manage your  wireless networks you will have to access the Network & Internet settings in the Settings app. To get  there you can click on the link right below the wireless networks listed (see image above) where is  says Network Settings. You can also go through the new Settings app, and click on the Network &       says Network Settings. You can also go through the new Settings app, and click on the Network &  Internet icon. Under the Wi-Fi section you will be presented with a list of wireless networks and links to the  modules for managing wireless networks.    ","wireless connection management wireless connection management thursday, january 7, 2016 12:26 pm wireless management one big complaints windows 8 microsoft remove ability manage wireless network network share center move charm bar. huge learn curve people use way windows 7 worked. windows 10 restore functionality network share center, since remove charm bar need create new place manage wireless networks. leave click wireless icon notifications system tray, present list available wireless network connect to. easily connect wireless network. however, want manage wireless network access network & internet settings settings app. get click link right wireless network list (see image above) say network settings. also go new settings app, click network & say network settings. also go new settings app, click network & internet icon. wi-fi section present list wireless network link modules manage wireless networks."
474,Wyse Device Manager," Monday, July 16, 2018 1:34 PM All Thin clients are managed using Wyse Device Manager(No SCCM). At WDM list of all thin clients are available and you will be able to push image to the tc for reimaging or any package(Incase  missing). WDM web console can be accessed from https://wyse.berkadia.com Login with your ADM account . Select Devices and list of thin clients will appear. Click on Devices and you will be presented with the list of thin clients. You can Check the logs, restart, Shutdown and push packages to the devices from here. Latest Thin Client image : BerK_D0Q_64GB_0A62_05_18    ","[60, 3, 137, 780]",[1054],"Wyse Device Manager Wyse Device Manager Wyse Device Manager Wyse Device Manager Wyse Device Manager Wyse Device Manager Wyse Device Manager Wyse Device Manager Wyse Device Manager Wyse Device Manager   Monday, July 16, 2018 1:34 PM All Thin clients are managed using Wyse Device Manager(No SCCM). At WDM list of all thin clients are available and you will be able to push image to the tc for reimaging or any package(Incase  missing). WDM web console can be accessed from https://wyse.berkadia.com Login with your ADM account . Select Devices and list of thin clients will appear. Click on Devices and you will be presented with the list of thin clients. You can Check the logs, restart, Shutdown and push packages to the devices from here. Latest Thin Client image : BerK_D0Q_64GB_0A62_05_18    ","wyse device manager wyse device manager wyse device manager wyse device manager wyse device manager wyse device manager wyse device manager wyse device manager wyse device manager wyse device manager monday, july 16, 2018 1:34 pm thin clients manage use wyse device manager(no sccm). wdm list thin clients available able push image tc reimaging package(incase missing). wdm web console access https://wyse.berkadia.com login adm account . select devices list thin clients appear. click devices present list thin clients. check logs, restart, shutdown push package devices here. latest thin client image : berk_d0q_64gb_0a62_05_18","Wyse Device Manager Wyse Device Manager   Monday, July 16, 2018 1:34 PM All Thin clients are managed using Wyse Device Manager(No SCCM). At WDM list of all thin clients are available and you will be able to push image to the tc for reimaging or any package(Incase  missing). WDM web console can be accessed from https://wyse.berkadia.com Login with your ADM account . Select Devices and list of thin clients will appear. Click on Devices and you will be presented with the list of thin clients. You can Check the logs, restart, Shutdown and push packages to the devices from here. Latest Thin Client image : BerK_D0Q_64GB_0A62_05_18    ","wyse device manager wyse device manager monday, july 16, 2018 1:34 pm thin clients manage use wyse device manager(no sccm). wdm list thin clients available able push image tc reimaging package(incase missing). wdm web console access https://wyse.berkadia.com login adm account . select devices list thin clients appear. click devices present list thin clients. check logs, restart, shutdown push package devices here. latest thin client image : berk_d0q_64gb_0a62_05_18"
475,Xerox - Create/Apply Clone File," Monday, June 20, 2016 11:43 AM In the event that a new Xerox is delivered to a remote office or a defective Xerox is replaced, this is the process to clone  the settings from a known good unit to apply to the replacement.  The first thing that should be done when dealing with new equipment is obtaining the IP address, Model and MAC  Address to supply to the server team. Typically a user on site will need to physically plug in the Xerox to power and Ethernet.  Once this is done, have them  select the Machine Status button on the printer control panel. Then select Information Pages, Configuration Report  then select Print on the screen. This will generate a report so the user can provide details. See the file attached as an  example. Once you have the information, create an escalated request for the LAN/Server team to have the driver  installed on the remote server. Xerox Configura... ***IT'S RECOMMENDED TO USE GOOGLE CHROME TO CREATE AND INSTALL THESE CLONE FILES*** To clone an existing Xerox, open a web browser and type the IP address then hit enter. You can see a current list here: https://sp13.berkadia.com/it/cs/hd/Xerox%20Printers/Forms/AllItems.aspx Select Xerox Printers on the left hand column, then select the Berkadia Xerox – Final document. In the upper right hand corner, click Login.      You’ll be prompted for login credentials, for the majority of Xerox units the standard username will be admin and the  password will be B3rk@d1a    If password does not work, the Xerox may still have the default password set 1111. Click on Properties and select General Setup -> Cloning in the left hand column. Click Select All under the Create Clone File section, then click Clone.      You'll then be prompted to right-click the file generated, this isn't necessary. Simply left click once and you'll see the file  download and be displayed at the bottom of your screen. (If you're using Chrome, as mentioned) The clone file is now saved on your computer (most likely in your downloads folder) At this point you can connect to the new Xerox by IP and access the cloning section as described above. Then you'll select  Browse , select the clone file you created and then select the Upload button. Then once the file is uploaded, the machine  will reboot. Access might be unavailable until the printer reboots and comes back up.  Once the machine comes back up,  remember to rename the Xerox to the proper name, as it does bring over the naming  convention from the one that was originally cloned.    ","[68, 0, 68, 780]","[1074, 1076]","Xerox - Create/Apply Clone File Xerox - Create/Apply Clone File Xerox - Create/Apply Clone File Xerox - Create/Apply Clone File Xerox - Create/Apply Clone File Xerox - Create/Apply Clone File Xerox - Create/Apply Clone File Xerox - Create/Apply Clone File Xerox - Create/Apply Clone File Xerox - Create/Apply Clone File   Monday, June 20, 2016 11:43 AM In the event that a new Xerox is delivered to a remote office or a defective Xerox is replaced, this is the process to clone  the settings from a known good unit to apply to the replacement.  The first thing that should be done when dealing with new equipment is obtaining the IP address, Model and MAC  Address to supply to the server team. Typically a user on site will need to physically plug in the Xerox to power and Ethernet.  Once this is done, have them  select the Machine Status button on the printer control panel. Then select Information Pages, Configuration Report  then select Print on the screen. This will generate a report so the user can provide details. See the file attached as an  example. Once you have the information, create an escalated request for the LAN/Server team to have the driver  installed on the remote server. Xerox Configura... ***IT'S RECOMMENDED TO USE GOOGLE CHROME TO CREATE AND INSTALL THESE CLONE FILES*** To clone an existing Xerox, open a web browser and type the IP address then hit enter. You can see a current list here: https://sp13.berkadia.com/it/cs/hd/Xerox%20Printers/Forms/AllItems.aspx Select Xerox Printers on the left hand column, then select the Berkadia Xerox – Final document. In the upper right hand corner, click Login.      You’ll be prompted for login credentials, for the majority of Xerox units the standard username will be admin and the  password will be B3rk@d1a    If password does not work, the Xerox may still have the default password set 1111. Click on Properties and select General Setup -> Cloning in the left hand column. Click Select All under the Create Clone File section, then click Clone.      You'll then be prompted to right-click the file generated, this isn't necessary. Simply left click once and you'll see the file  download and be displayed at the bottom of your screen. (If you're using Chrome, as mentioned) The clone file is now saved on your computer (most likely in your downloads folder) At this point you can connect to the new Xerox by IP and access the cloning section as described above. Then you'll select  Browse , select the clone file you created and then select the Upload button. Then once the file is uploaded, the machine  will reboot. Access might be unavailable until the printer reboots and comes back up.  Once the machine comes back up,  remember to rename the Xerox to the proper name, as it does bring over the naming  convention from the one that was originally cloned.    ","xerox - create/apply clone file xerox - create/apply clone file xerox - create/apply clone file xerox - create/apply clone file xerox - create/apply clone file xerox - create/apply clone file xerox - create/apply clone file xerox - create/apply clone file xerox - create/apply clone file xerox - create/apply clone file monday, june 20, 2016 11:43 event new xerox deliver remote office defective xerox replaced, process clone settings know good unit apply replacement. first thing do deal new equipment obtain ip address, model mac address supply server team. typically user site need physically plug xerox power ethernet. done, select machine status button printer control panel. select information pages, configuration report select print screen. generate report user provide details. see file attach example. information, create escalate request lan/server team driver instal remote server. xerox configura... ***it's recommend use google chrome create install clone files*** clone exist xerox, open web browser type ip address hit enter. see current list here: https://sp13.berkadia.com/it/cs/hd/xerox%20printers/forms/allitems.aspx select xerox printers leave hand column, select berkadia xerox – final document. upper right hand corner, click login. you’ll prompt login credentials, majority xerox units standard username admin password b3rk@d1a password work, xerox may still default password set 1111. click properties select general setup -> clone leave hand column. click select create clone file section, click clone. prompt right-click file generated, necessary. simply leave click see file download display bottom screen. (if use chrome, mentioned) clone file save computer (most likely download folder) point connect new xerox ip access clone section describe above. select browse , select clone file create select upload button. file uploaded, machine reboot. access might unavailable printer reboot come back up. machine come back up, remember rename xerox proper name, bring name convention one originally cloned.","Xerox - Create/Apply Clone File Xerox - Create/Apply Clone File   Monday, June 20, 2016 11:43 AM In the event that a new Xerox is delivered to a remote office or a defective Xerox is replaced, this is the process to clone  the settings from a known good unit to apply to the replacement.  The first thing that should be done when dealing with new equipment is obtaining the IP address, Model and MAC  Address to supply to the server team. Typically a user on site will need to physically plug in the Xerox to power and Ethernet.  Once this is done, have them  select the Machine Status button on the printer control panel. Then select Information Pages, Configuration Report  then select Print on the screen. This will generate a report so the user can provide details. See the file attached as an  example. Once you have the information, create an escalated request for the LAN/Server team to have the driver  installed on the remote server. Xerox Configura... ***IT'S RECOMMENDED TO USE GOOGLE CHROME TO CREATE AND INSTALL THESE CLONE FILES*** To clone an existing Xerox, open a web browser and type the IP address then hit enter. You can see a current list here: https://sp13.berkadia.com/it/cs/hd/Xerox%20Printers/Forms/AllItems.aspx Select Xerox Printers on the left hand column, then select the Berkadia Xerox – Final document. In the upper right hand corner, click Login.      You’ll be prompted for login credentials, for the majority of Xerox units the standard username will be admin and the  password will be B3rk@d1a    If password does not work, the Xerox may still have the default password set 1111. Click on Properties and select General Setup -> Cloning in the left hand column. Click Select All under the Create Clone File section, then click Clone.      You'll then be prompted to right-click the file generated, this isn't necessary. Simply left click once and you'll see the file  download and be displayed at the bottom of your screen. (If you're using Chrome, as mentioned) The clone file is now saved on your computer (most likely in your downloads folder) At this point you can connect to the new Xerox by IP and access the cloning section as described above. Then you'll select  Browse , select the clone file you created and then select the Upload button. Then once the file is uploaded, the machine  will reboot. Access might be unavailable until the printer reboots and comes back up.  Once the machine comes back up,  remember to rename the Xerox to the proper name, as it does bring over the naming  convention from the one that was originally cloned.    ","xerox - create/apply clone file xerox - create/apply clone file monday, june 20, 2016 11:43 event new xerox deliver remote office defective xerox replaced, process clone settings know good unit apply replacement. first thing do deal new equipment obtain ip address, model mac address supply server team. typically user site need physically plug xerox power ethernet. done, select machine status button printer control panel. select information pages, configuration report select print screen. generate report user provide details. see file attach example. information, create escalate request lan/server team driver instal remote server. xerox configura... ***it's recommend use google chrome create install clone files*** clone exist xerox, open web browser type ip address hit enter. see current list here: https://sp13.berkadia.com/it/cs/hd/xerox%20printers/forms/allitems.aspx select xerox printers leave hand column, select berkadia xerox – final document. upper right hand corner, click login. you’ll prompt login credentials, majority xerox units standard username admin password b3rk@d1a password work, xerox may still default password set 1111. click properties select general setup -> clone leave hand column. click select create clone file section, click clone. prompt right-click file generated, necessary. simply leave click see file download display bottom screen. (if use chrome, mentioned) clone file save computer (most likely download folder) point connect new xerox ip access clone section describe above. select browse , select clone file create select upload button. file uploaded, machine reboot. access might unavailable printer reboot come back up. machine come back up, remember rename xerox proper name, bring name convention one originally cloned."
476,Xerox Badge Registration," Monday, December 14, 2015 10:36 AM","[72, 765, 249, 775]",[1091],"Xerox Badge Registration Xerox Badge Registration Xerox Badge Registration Xerox Badge Registration Xerox Badge Registration Xerox Badge Registration Xerox Badge Registration Xerox Badge Registration Xerox Badge Registration Xerox Badge Registration   Monday, December 14, 2015 10:36 AM","xerox badge registration xerox badge registration xerox badge registration xerox badge registration xerox badge registration xerox badge registration xerox badge registration xerox badge registration xerox badge registration xerox badge registration monday, december 14, 2015 10:36","Xerox Badge Registration Xerox Badge Registration   Monday, December 14, 2015 10:36 AM","xerox badge registration xerox badge registration monday, december 14, 2015 10:36"
477,Xerox Cloning," Friday, March 22, 2013 10:08 AM To Clone a Xerox you will first need to properties and login Go to General Setup and select Cloning. Scroll down and browse to the select clone file which you can download right from this One Note  Work Book and save it to your machine. There is a specific clone file for each model machine. 5655 Good Clone 7435 Good Clone 7765 Good Clone Once you have saved the file browse and upload it to the Xerox machine. Then once the file is  uploaded, the machine will reboot so the web access might be unavailable until the printer comes  back up. Keep refreshing your page from time to time until it comes back.      back up. Keep refreshing your page from time to time until it comes back. Once the machine comes back up. Double check all the configurations for email and scan 2 home.  Also remember to rename the Xerox to the proper name, as it does bring over the naming  convention from the one that was originally cloned. Any questions please feel free to ask Frank Ruffino      AMBLER Frank Ruffino MX4352427 7855 N0314 PA5064 AMBLER Frank Ruffino EX7406017 5855 172.20.7.135 G3025 PA5070 AMBLER Frank Ruffino EX7423898 5855 172.20.8.11 N0320 PA5058 AMBLER Frank Ruffino MX4352426 7855 172.20.8.10 N0316 PA4015 AMBLER Frank Ruffino EX7423962 5855 172.20.7.137 N0319 PA5059 2015 June  Upgrade Completed Completed Completed Completed Completed AMBLER Frank Ruffino MX4352434 7855 172.20.7.138 N0317 PA5062 4/22, 4/24 Completed AMBLER Frank Ruffino MX4352343 7855 172.20.8.12 N0315 PA5060 AMBLER Frank Ruffino MX4352403 7855 172.20.7.136 N0318 PA4007 AMBLER Frank Ruffino MX4348837 7855 172.20.7.12 N0204 PA5063 AMBLER Frank Ruffino MX4740808 7855 172.20.7.13 N2522 PA5075 Completed Completed Completed Completed AMBLER Frank Ruffino XPN553332 x570 172.20.7.11 N0254 PA5074 fiery 172.20.7.10 NA Device Name AMBLER Frank Ruffino Device  Model MX4470833 Serial Number Type IP Address 7855 172.20.1.23 Mac Address PA5079 Switch Mod  Port  Servers 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 Xerox Info Friday, March 22, 2013 10:20 AM Ambler Updated Xerox Information - 9/16/2016 - WF Address Office Contact Name  Serial Number Model IP ADDRESS SBS ID HOSTNAM Pass: B3rk@d1a SBS:  1-800-322-5584 Pass:1234567812345678 Device Cert  Expires 323 Norristown  Rd. 323 Norristown  Rd. 323 Norristown  Rd. 323 Norristown  Rd. 323 Norristown  Rd. 323 Norristown  Rd. 323 Norristown  Rd. 323 Norristown  Rd. 323 Norristown  Rd. 323 Norristown  Rd. 323 Norristown  Rd. City/Building Share Name 324 Norristown  Rd. PA Horsham Philadelphia Offices  118 120 508 PA4028 PA5059 PA5062 PA4007 PA5058 PA4015 PA5060 PA5061 PA5063 PA5064 PA5067 PA118XEROX01 WC5655 WTD086728P B&W 192.168.236.43 00:00:aa:cf:db:42 192.168.239.25 PA118XEROX02 WC5655 WTD086740P B&W 192.168.234.191 00:00:aa:cf:db:3b 192.168.239.23 PA118XEROX03 WC7435 PBB014188 Color 192.168.236.125 08:00:37:9B:43:82 192.168.233.22 PA118XEROX04 WC7435 PBB012573 Color 192.168.236.46 08:00:37:9b:26:4f PA120XEROX01 WC5655 WTD086689P B&W 192.168.234.211 00:00:aa:cf:d9:85 192.168.239.9 PA120XEROX02 WC7435 PBB012579 Color 192.168.236.47 08:00:37:9B:26:6F 192.168.239.12 PA120XEROX03 WC7435 PBB096276N Color 192.168.234.205 08:00:37:9B:00:E3 192.168.239.13 PA508XEROX01 WC7435 PBB010921 Color 192.168.248.41 08:00:37:9B:15:41 PA508XEROX02 WC7435 PBB014461 Color 192.168.248.8 08:00:37:9B:45:72 PA508XEROX03 WC7435 PBB014383 Color 192.168.248.4 08:00:37:9B:44:29 PA508XEROX04 WC7655 VDR010087 Color 192.168.248.12 00:00:aa:7e:eb:d3 22 GCMPA2PRSRV 33 GCMPA2PRSRV 33 GCMPA1PRSRV GCMPA2PRSRV 17 GCMPA2PRSRV 14 GCMPA2PRSRV 35 GCMPA1PRSRV PA508PRSRV1 PA508PRSRV1 PA508PRSRV1 PA508PRSRV1 6th St Texas Austin Houston Plano Dallas Pearl St Dallas Douglas Ave Missouri St.Louis Illinois     AUSPRT04 TXAUXSEROX01 WC7435 PBB010945 Color 192.168.69.161 08:00:37:9B:12:EF 192.168.69.130 0 FA03 TXAUSF1 TXHOUXEROX01 WC7435 PBB015233 Color 192.168.69.14 08:00:37:9B:4C:D5 TXHOUF1 TXPLN01 TXPLNXEROX01 WC7765 RFX345612 Color 192.168.115.72 00:00:aa:d6:07:55 TXPLNF1 TXDAL08 TXDAL07 TXDAL10 TXDAK01 TXDAK02 MOSTL01 MOSTL02 TXDALXEROX02 WC7435 PBB007463 Color 192.168.146.21 08:00:37:9A:EA:22 TXDALXEROX04 WC5655 WTD086796P B&W 192.168.146.20 00:00:aa:cf:da:f7 TXDALXEROX05 WC5655 WTD086733P B&W 192.168.146.160 00:00:aa:cf:db:45 TXDALXEROX01 WC5655 WTD086788P B&W 192.168.147.25 00:00:aa:cf:db:1a TXDALXEROX03 WC7435 PBB013908 Color 192.168.147.26 08:00:37:9B:3D:77 MOSTLXEROX01 WC5655 WTD086729P B&W 192.168.103.51 00:00:aa:cf:db:3e MOSTLXEROX02 WC7765 RFX012383 Color 192.168.103.40 00:00:aa:d5:f8:b5 Xerox OLD Page 1087     TXDALF2 TXDALF2 TXDALF2 TXDALF1 TXDALF1  Illinois Chicago PR01 PR02 ILCHIXEROX01 WC7435 PBB013990 Color 192.168.120.132 08:00:37:9B:3F:95 ILCHIXEROX02 WC5655 WTD086743P B&W 192.168.120.136 00:00:aa:cf:db:3d ILCHIWF1 ILCHIWF1 Oregon Portland Denver Colorado Georgia Atlanta Atlanta Midtown New Jersey Red Bank New York New York Madison Ave Virginia Richmond California San Francisco Los Angeles Irvine Pasadena Murrieta Utah Salt Lake City Michigan Detroit Alabama Birmingham North Carolina PR01 ORPORXEROX01 WC7435 PBB010040 Color 192.168.97.80 08:00:37:9B:0F:A2 ORPORWAFS Xerox7435 CODENXEROX01 WC7435 PBB013169 Color 192.168.66.152 08:00:37:9B:2E:5C CODENF1 GAATL01 GAATL03 GAATLXEROX01 WC7435 PBB014184 Color 192.168.74.143 08:00:37:9B:43:BF GAATLXEROX03 WC5655 WTD086726P B&W 192.168.74.148 00:00:aa:cf:db:54 GAATLF1 GAATLF1 GAALPXEROX01 GAALPXEROX01 WC7535 XKK396684 Color 192.168.73.11 9c:93:4e:01:ff:78 GAALPF1 NJRDB01 NJSHBXEROX01 WC7435 PBB014268 Color 192.168.101.40 08:00:37:9B:45:2D NYNYP01 NYNYP02 NYNYPXEROX01 WC7435 PBB014395 Color 192.168.98.21 08:00:37:9B:45:52 NYNYPXEROX02 WC7655 VBR010124 Color 192.168.98.22 00:00:aa:7e:f3:12 NYNYPF1 NYNYPF1 VARMD01 VARMDXEROX01 WC7435 PBB014225 Color 192.168.117.17 08:00:37:9B:43:10 GCMVAF1 CASFR02 CASFRXEROX02 WC7435 PBB014442 Color 192.168.123.90 08:00:37:9B:3D:39 CASFRF1 WC7435 CALOSXEROX01 WC7435 PBB014138 Color 192.168.70.28 08:00:37:9B:3E:F6 CALOSF1 CAIRV01 CAIRVXEROX01 WC7435 PBB012080 Color 192.168.124.145 08:00:37:9B:24:32 CAIRVF1 WC7655 CAPASXEROX01 WC7655 VDR008855 Color 192.168.106.170 00:00:aa:7e:ed:c9 CAPASF1 KONICA MINOLTA  C458  KONICA MINOLTA  C458  KM_C458 Color 192.168.166.22 00:20:6B:B9:9A:78 WC5655 WC7435 UTSLCXEROX01 WC5655 WTD590043E B&W 192.168.100.52 00:00:aa:cf:e8:57 UTSLCXEROX02 WC7435 PBB013652 Color 192.168.100.60 08:00:37:9B:31:42 UTSLCF2 UTSLCF2 MIDETXEROX01 WC7655 VDR009675 Color 192.168.65.152 00:00:aa:7e:f3:69 No server PB6004 PB6006 ALBHMXEROX02 WC7655 VDR010087 Color 192.168.93.61 00:00:aa:7e:eb:d3 ALBHMXEROX03 WC5655 WTD711451 B&W 192.168.93.53 00:00:aa:7b:dc:dc ALBHPF1 ALBHPF1 Raleigh  NCRAHXEROX01 WC5655 WTD095186E B&W 192.168.77.143 00:00:aa:cf:e7:a      Maryland Bethesda  mdbetxerox01 mdbetxerox02 WC 7535 XKK392055 Color http://192.168.68.14 00:00:aa:fa:0c:5e MDBETF1 Tempe Tempe azxerox01 aztemxerox01 WC 7435 PBB014127 Color 192.168.107.8 08:00:37:9b:43:9a AZTEMF1      Friday, October 31, 2014 10:22 AM","[72, 769, 60, 783]","[1084, 1089]","Xerox Cloning Xerox Cloning Xerox Cloning Xerox Cloning Xerox Cloning Xerox Cloning Xerox Cloning Xerox Cloning Xerox Cloning Xerox Cloning   Friday, March 22, 2013 10:08 AM To Clone a Xerox you will first need to properties and login Go to General Setup and select Cloning. Scroll down and browse to the select clone file which you can download right from this One Note  Work Book and save it to your machine. There is a specific clone file for each model machine. 5655 Good Clone 7435 Good Clone 7765 Good Clone Once you have saved the file browse and upload it to the Xerox machine. Then once the file is  uploaded, the machine will reboot so the web access might be unavailable until the printer comes  back up. Keep refreshing your page from time to time until it comes back.      back up. Keep refreshing your page from time to time until it comes back. Once the machine comes back up. Double check all the configurations for email and scan 2 home.  Also remember to rename the Xerox to the proper name, as it does bring over the naming  convention from the one that was originally cloned. Any questions please feel free to ask Frank Ruffino      AMBLER Frank Ruffino MX4352427 7855 N0314 PA5064 AMBLER Frank Ruffino EX7406017 5855 172.20.7.135 G3025 PA5070 AMBLER Frank Ruffino EX7423898 5855 172.20.8.11 N0320 PA5058 AMBLER Frank Ruffino MX4352426 7855 172.20.8.10 N0316 PA4015 AMBLER Frank Ruffino EX7423962 5855 172.20.7.137 N0319 PA5059 2015 June  Upgrade Completed Completed Completed Completed Completed AMBLER Frank Ruffino MX4352434 7855 172.20.7.138 N0317 PA5062 4/22, 4/24 Completed AMBLER Frank Ruffino MX4352343 7855 172.20.8.12 N0315 PA5060 AMBLER Frank Ruffino MX4352403 7855 172.20.7.136 N0318 PA4007 AMBLER Frank Ruffino MX4348837 7855 172.20.7.12 N0204 PA5063 AMBLER Frank Ruffino MX4740808 7855 172.20.7.13 N2522 PA5075 Completed Completed Completed Completed AMBLER Frank Ruffino XPN553332 x570 172.20.7.11 N0254 PA5074 fiery 172.20.7.10 NA Device Name AMBLER Frank Ruffino Device  Model MX4470833 Serial Number Type IP Address 7855 172.20.1.23 Mac Address PA5079 Switch Mod  Port  Servers 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 Xerox Info Friday, March 22, 2013 10:20 AM Ambler Updated Xerox Information - 9/16/2016 - WF Address Office Contact Name  Serial Number Model IP ADDRESS SBS ID HOSTNAM Pass: B3rk@d1a SBS:  1-800-322-5584 Pass:1234567812345678 Device Cert  Expires 323 Norristown  Rd. 323 Norristown  Rd. 323 Norristown  Rd. 323 Norristown  Rd. 323 Norristown  Rd. 323 Norristown  Rd. 323 Norristown  Rd. 323 Norristown  Rd. 323 Norristown  Rd. 323 Norristown  Rd. 323 Norristown  Rd. City/Building Share Name 324 Norristown  Rd. PA Horsham Philadelphia Offices  118 120 508 PA4028 PA5059 PA5062 PA4007 PA5058 PA4015 PA5060 PA5061 PA5063 PA5064 PA5067 PA118XEROX01 WC5655 WTD086728P B&W 192.168.236.43 00:00:aa:cf:db:42 192.168.239.25 PA118XEROX02 WC5655 WTD086740P B&W 192.168.234.191 00:00:aa:cf:db:3b 192.168.239.23 PA118XEROX03 WC7435 PBB014188 Color 192.168.236.125 08:00:37:9B:43:82 192.168.233.22 PA118XEROX04 WC7435 PBB012573 Color 192.168.236.46 08:00:37:9b:26:4f PA120XEROX01 WC5655 WTD086689P B&W 192.168.234.211 00:00:aa:cf:d9:85 192.168.239.9 PA120XEROX02 WC7435 PBB012579 Color 192.168.236.47 08:00:37:9B:26:6F 192.168.239.12 PA120XEROX03 WC7435 PBB096276N Color 192.168.234.205 08:00:37:9B:00:E3 192.168.239.13 PA508XEROX01 WC7435 PBB010921 Color 192.168.248.41 08:00:37:9B:15:41 PA508XEROX02 WC7435 PBB014461 Color 192.168.248.8 08:00:37:9B:45:72 PA508XEROX03 WC7435 PBB014383 Color 192.168.248.4 08:00:37:9B:44:29 PA508XEROX04 WC7655 VDR010087 Color 192.168.248.12 00:00:aa:7e:eb:d3 22 GCMPA2PRSRV 33 GCMPA2PRSRV 33 GCMPA1PRSRV GCMPA2PRSRV 17 GCMPA2PRSRV 14 GCMPA2PRSRV 35 GCMPA1PRSRV PA508PRSRV1 PA508PRSRV1 PA508PRSRV1 PA508PRSRV1 6th St Texas Austin Houston Plano Dallas Pearl St Dallas Douglas Ave Missouri St.Louis Illinois     AUSPRT04 TXAUXSEROX01 WC7435 PBB010945 Color 192.168.69.161 08:00:37:9B:12:EF 192.168.69.130 0 FA03 TXAUSF1 TXHOUXEROX01 WC7435 PBB015233 Color 192.168.69.14 08:00:37:9B:4C:D5 TXHOUF1 TXPLN01 TXPLNXEROX01 WC7765 RFX345612 Color 192.168.115.72 00:00:aa:d6:07:55 TXPLNF1 TXDAL08 TXDAL07 TXDAL10 TXDAK01 TXDAK02 MOSTL01 MOSTL02 TXDALXEROX02 WC7435 PBB007463 Color 192.168.146.21 08:00:37:9A:EA:22 TXDALXEROX04 WC5655 WTD086796P B&W 192.168.146.20 00:00:aa:cf:da:f7 TXDALXEROX05 WC5655 WTD086733P B&W 192.168.146.160 00:00:aa:cf:db:45 TXDALXEROX01 WC5655 WTD086788P B&W 192.168.147.25 00:00:aa:cf:db:1a TXDALXEROX03 WC7435 PBB013908 Color 192.168.147.26 08:00:37:9B:3D:77 MOSTLXEROX01 WC5655 WTD086729P B&W 192.168.103.51 00:00:aa:cf:db:3e MOSTLXEROX02 WC7765 RFX012383 Color 192.168.103.40 00:00:aa:d5:f8:b5 Xerox OLD Page 1087     TXDALF2 TXDALF2 TXDALF2 TXDALF1 TXDALF1  Illinois Chicago PR01 PR02 ILCHIXEROX01 WC7435 PBB013990 Color 192.168.120.132 08:00:37:9B:3F:95 ILCHIXEROX02 WC5655 WTD086743P B&W 192.168.120.136 00:00:aa:cf:db:3d ILCHIWF1 ILCHIWF1 Oregon Portland Denver Colorado Georgia Atlanta Atlanta Midtown New Jersey Red Bank New York New York Madison Ave Virginia Richmond California San Francisco Los Angeles Irvine Pasadena Murrieta Utah Salt Lake City Michigan Detroit Alabama Birmingham North Carolina PR01 ORPORXEROX01 WC7435 PBB010040 Color 192.168.97.80 08:00:37:9B:0F:A2 ORPORWAFS Xerox7435 CODENXEROX01 WC7435 PBB013169 Color 192.168.66.152 08:00:37:9B:2E:5C CODENF1 GAATL01 GAATL03 GAATLXEROX01 WC7435 PBB014184 Color 192.168.74.143 08:00:37:9B:43:BF GAATLXEROX03 WC5655 WTD086726P B&W 192.168.74.148 00:00:aa:cf:db:54 GAATLF1 GAATLF1 GAALPXEROX01 GAALPXEROX01 WC7535 XKK396684 Color 192.168.73.11 9c:93:4e:01:ff:78 GAALPF1 NJRDB01 NJSHBXEROX01 WC7435 PBB014268 Color 192.168.101.40 08:00:37:9B:45:2D NYNYP01 NYNYP02 NYNYPXEROX01 WC7435 PBB014395 Color 192.168.98.21 08:00:37:9B:45:52 NYNYPXEROX02 WC7655 VBR010124 Color 192.168.98.22 00:00:aa:7e:f3:12 NYNYPF1 NYNYPF1 VARMD01 VARMDXEROX01 WC7435 PBB014225 Color 192.168.117.17 08:00:37:9B:43:10 GCMVAF1 CASFR02 CASFRXEROX02 WC7435 PBB014442 Color 192.168.123.90 08:00:37:9B:3D:39 CASFRF1 WC7435 CALOSXEROX01 WC7435 PBB014138 Color 192.168.70.28 08:00:37:9B:3E:F6 CALOSF1 CAIRV01 CAIRVXEROX01 WC7435 PBB012080 Color 192.168.124.145 08:00:37:9B:24:32 CAIRVF1 WC7655 CAPASXEROX01 WC7655 VDR008855 Color 192.168.106.170 00:00:aa:7e:ed:c9 CAPASF1 KONICA MINOLTA  C458  KONICA MINOLTA  C458  KM_C458 Color 192.168.166.22 00:20:6B:B9:9A:78 WC5655 WC7435 UTSLCXEROX01 WC5655 WTD590043E B&W 192.168.100.52 00:00:aa:cf:e8:57 UTSLCXEROX02 WC7435 PBB013652 Color 192.168.100.60 08:00:37:9B:31:42 UTSLCF2 UTSLCF2 MIDETXEROX01 WC7655 VDR009675 Color 192.168.65.152 00:00:aa:7e:f3:69 No server PB6004 PB6006 ALBHMXEROX02 WC7655 VDR010087 Color 192.168.93.61 00:00:aa:7e:eb:d3 ALBHMXEROX03 WC5655 WTD711451 B&W 192.168.93.53 00:00:aa:7b:dc:dc ALBHPF1 ALBHPF1 Raleigh  NCRAHXEROX01 WC5655 WTD095186E B&W 192.168.77.143 00:00:aa:cf:e7:a      Maryland Bethesda  mdbetxerox01 mdbetxerox02 WC 7535 XKK392055 Color http://192.168.68.14 00:00:aa:fa:0c:5e MDBETF1 Tempe Tempe azxerox01 aztemxerox01 WC 7435 PBB014127 Color 192.168.107.8 08:00:37:9b:43:9a AZTEMF1      Friday, October 31, 2014 10:22 AM","xerox clone xerox clone xerox clone xerox clone xerox clone xerox clone xerox clone xerox clone xerox clone xerox clone friday, march 22, 2013 10:08 clone xerox first need properties login go general setup select cloning. scroll browse select clone file download right one note work book save machine. specific clone file model machine. 5655 good clone 7435 good clone 7765 good clone save file browse upload xerox machine. file uploaded, machine reboot web access might unavailable printer come back up. keep refresh page time time come back. back up. keep refresh page time time come back. machine come back up. double check configurations email scan 2 home. also remember rename xerox proper name, bring name convention one originally cloned. question please feel free ask frank ruffino ambler frank ruffino mx4352427 7855 n0314 pa5064 ambler frank ruffino ex7406017 5855 172.20.7.135 g3025 pa5070 ambler frank ruffino ex7423898 5855 172.20.8.11 n0320 pa5058 ambler frank ruffino mx4352426 7855 172.20.8.10 n0316 pa4015 ambler frank ruffino ex7423962 5855 172.20.7.137 n0319 pa5059 2015 june upgrade complete complete complete complete complete ambler frank ruffino mx4352434 7855 172.20.7.138 n0317 pa5062 4/22, 4/24 complete ambler frank ruffino mx4352343 7855 172.20.8.12 n0315 pa5060 ambler frank ruffino mx4352403 7855 172.20.7.136 n0318 pa4007 ambler frank ruffino mx4348837 7855 172.20.7.12 n0204 pa5063 ambler frank ruffino mx4740808 7855 172.20.7.13 n2522 pa5075 complete complete complete complete ambler frank ruffino xpn553332 x570 172.20.7.11 n0254 pa5074 fiery 172.20.7.10 na device name ambler frank ruffino device model mx4470833 serial number type ip address 7855 172.20.1.23 mac address pa5079 switch mod port servers 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 xerox info friday, march 22, 2013 10:20 ambler update xerox information - 9/16/2016 - wf address office contact name serial number model ip address sbs id hostnam pass: b3rk@d1a sbs: 1-800-322-5584 pass:1234567812345678 device cert expire 323 norristown rd. 323 norristown rd. 323 norristown rd. 323 norristown rd. 323 norristown rd. 323 norristown rd. 323 norristown rd. 323 norristown rd. 323 norristown rd. 323 norristown rd. 323 norristown rd. city/building share name 324 norristown rd. pa horsham philadelphia offices 118 120 508 pa4028 pa5059 pa5062 pa4007 pa5058 pa4015 pa5060 pa5061 pa5063 pa5064 pa5067 pa118xerox01 wc5655 wtd086728p b&w 192.168.236.43 00:00:aa:cf:db:42 192.168.239.25 pa118xerox02 wc5655 wtd086740p b&w 192.168.234.191 00:00:aa:cf:db:3b 192.168.239.23 pa118xerox03 wc7435 pbb014188 color 192.168.236.125 08:00:37:9b:43:82 192.168.233.22 pa118xerox04 wc7435 pbb012573 color 192.168.236.46 08:00:37:9b:26:4f pa120xerox01 wc5655 wtd086689p b&w 192.168.234.211 00:00:aa:cf:d9:85 192.168.239.9 pa120xerox02 wc7435 pbb012579 color 192.168.236.47 08:00:37:9b:26:6f 192.168.239.12 pa120xerox03 wc7435 pbb096276n color 192.168.234.205 08:00:37:9b:00:e3 192.168.239.13 pa508xerox01 wc7435 pbb010921 color 192.168.248.41 08:00:37:9b:15:41 pa508xerox02 wc7435 pbb014461 color 192.168.248.8 08:00:37:9b:45:72 pa508xerox03 wc7435 pbb014383 color 192.168.248.4 08:00:37:9b:44:29 pa508xerox04 wc7655 vdr010087 color 192.168.248.12 00:00:aa:7e:eb:d3 22 gcmpa2prsrv 33 gcmpa2prsrv 33 gcmpa1prsrv gcmpa2prsrv 17 gcmpa2prsrv 14 gcmpa2prsrv 35 gcmpa1prsrv pa508prsrv1 pa508prsrv1 pa508prsrv1 pa508prsrv1 6th st texas austin houston plano dallas pearl st dallas douglas ave missouri st.louis illinois ausprt04 txauxserox01 wc7435 pbb010945 color 192.168.69.161 08:00:37:9b:12:ef 192.168.69.130 0 fa03 txausf1 txhouxerox01 wc7435 pbb015233 color 192.168.69.14 08:00:37:9b:4c:d5 txhouf1 txpln01 txplnxerox01 wc7765 rfx345612 color 192.168.115.72 00:00:aa:d6:07:55 txplnf1 txdal08 txdal07 txdal10 txdak01 txdak02 mostl01 mostl02 txdalxerox02 wc7435 pbb007463 color 192.168.146.21 08:00:37:9a:ea:22 txdalxerox04 wc5655 wtd086796p b&w 192.168.146.20 00:00:aa:cf:da:f7 txdalxerox05 wc5655 wtd086733p b&w 192.168.146.160 00:00:aa:cf:db:45 txdalxerox01 wc5655 wtd086788p b&w 192.168.147.25 00:00:aa:cf:db:1a txdalxerox03 wc7435 pbb013908 color 192.168.147.26 08:00:37:9b:3d:77 mostlxerox01 wc5655 wtd086729p b&w 192.168.103.51 00:00:aa:cf:db:3e mostlxerox02 wc7765 rfx012383 color 192.168.103.40 00:00:aa:d5:f8:b5 xerox old page 1087 txdalf2 txdalf2 txdalf2 txdalf1 txdalf1 illinois chicago pr01 pr02 ilchixerox01 wc7435 pbb013990 color 192.168.120.132 08:00:37:9b:3f:95 ilchixerox02 wc5655 wtd086743p b&w 192.168.120.136 00:00:aa:cf:db:3d ilchiwf1 ilchiwf1 oregon portland denver colorado georgia atlanta atlanta midtown new jersey red bank new york new york madison ave virginia richmond california san francisco los angeles irvine pasadena murrieta utah salt lake city michigan detroit alabama birmingham north carolina pr01 orporxerox01 wc7435 pbb010040 color 192.168.97.80 08:00:37:9b:0f:a2 orporwafs xerox7435 codenxerox01 wc7435 pbb013169 color 192.168.66.152 08:00:37:9b:2e:5c codenf1 gaatl01 gaatl03 gaatlxerox01 wc7435 pbb014184 color 192.168.74.143 08:00:37:9b:43:bf gaatlxerox03 wc5655 wtd086726p b&w 192.168.74.148 00:00:aa:cf:db:54 gaatlf1 gaatlf1 gaalpxerox01 gaalpxerox01 wc7535 xkk396684 color 192.168.73.11 9c:93:4e:01:ff:78 gaalpf1 njrdb01 njshbxerox01 wc7435 pbb014268 color 192.168.101.40 08:00:37:9b:45:2d nynyp01 nynyp02 nynypxerox01 wc7435 pbb014395 color 192.168.98.21 08:00:37:9b:45:52 nynypxerox02 wc7655 vbr010124 color 192.168.98.22 00:00:aa:7e:f3:12 nynypf1 nynypf1 varmd01 varmdxerox01 wc7435 pbb014225 color 192.168.117.17 08:00:37:9b:43:10 gcmvaf1 casfr02 casfrxerox02 wc7435 pbb014442 color 192.168.123.90 08:00:37:9b:3d:39 casfrf1 wc7435 calosxerox01 wc7435 pbb014138 color 192.168.70.28 08:00:37:9b:3e:f6 calosf1 cairv01 cairvxerox01 wc7435 pbb012080 color 192.168.124.145 08:00:37:9b:24:32 cairvf1 wc7655 capasxerox01 wc7655 vdr008855 color 192.168.106.170 00:00:aa:7e:ed:c9 capasf1 konica minolta c458 konica minolta c458 km_c458 color 192.168.166.22 00:20:6b:b9:9a:78 wc5655 wc7435 utslcxerox01 wc5655 wtd590043e b&w 192.168.100.52 00:00:aa:cf:e8:57 utslcxerox02 wc7435 pbb013652 color 192.168.100.60 08:00:37:9b:31:42 utslcf2 utslcf2 midetxerox01 wc7655 vdr009675 color 192.168.65.152 00:00:aa:7e:f3:69 server pb6004 pb6006 albhmxerox02 wc7655 vdr010087 color 192.168.93.61 00:00:aa:7e:eb:d3 albhmxerox03 wc5655 wtd711451 b&w 192.168.93.53 00:00:aa:7b:dc:dc albhpf1 albhpf1 raleigh ncrahxerox01 wc5655 wtd095186e b&w 192.168.77.143 00:00:aa:cf:e7:a maryland bethesda mdbetxerox01 mdbetxerox02 wc 7535 xkk392055 color http://192.168.68.14 00:00:aa:fa:0c:5e mdbetf1 tempe tempe azxerox01 aztemxerox01 wc 7435 pbb014127 color 192.168.107.8 08:00:37:9b:43:9a aztemf1 friday, october 31, 2014 10:22","Xerox Cloning Xerox Cloning   Friday, March 22, 2013 10:08 AM To Clone a Xerox you will first need to properties and login Go to General Setup and select Cloning. Scroll down and browse to the select clone file which you can download right from this One Note  Work Book and save it to your machine. There is a specific clone file for each model machine. 5655 Good Clone 7435 Good Clone 7765 Good Clone Once you have saved the file browse and upload it to the Xerox machine. Then once the file is  uploaded, the machine will reboot so the web access might be unavailable until the printer comes  back up. Keep refreshing your page from time to time until it comes back.      back up. Keep refreshing your page from time to time until it comes back. Once the machine comes back up. Double check all the configurations for email and scan 2 home.  Also remember to rename the Xerox to the proper name, as it does bring over the naming  convention from the one that was originally cloned. Any questions please feel free to ask Frank Ruffino      AMBLER Frank Ruffino MX4352427 7855 N0314 PA5064 AMBLER Frank Ruffino EX7406017 5855 172.20.7.135 G3025 PA5070 AMBLER Frank Ruffino EX7423898 5855 172.20.8.11 N0320 PA5058 AMBLER Frank Ruffino MX4352426 7855 172.20.8.10 N0316 PA4015 AMBLER Frank Ruffino EX7423962 5855 172.20.7.137 N0319 PA5059 2015 June  Upgrade Completed Completed Completed Completed Completed AMBLER Frank Ruffino MX4352434 7855 172.20.7.138 N0317 PA5062 4/22, 4/24 Completed AMBLER Frank Ruffino MX4352343 7855 172.20.8.12 N0315 PA5060 AMBLER Frank Ruffino MX4352403 7855 172.20.7.136 N0318 PA4007 AMBLER Frank Ruffino MX4348837 7855 172.20.7.12 N0204 PA5063 AMBLER Frank Ruffino MX4740808 7855 172.20.7.13 N2522 PA5075 Completed Completed Completed Completed AMBLER Frank Ruffino XPN553332 x570 172.20.7.11 N0254 PA5074 fiery 172.20.7.10 NA Device Name AMBLER Frank Ruffino Device  Model MX4470833 Serial Number Type IP Address 7855 172.20.1.23 Mac Address PA5079 Switch Mod  Port  Servers 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 Xerox Info Friday, March 22, 2013 10:20 AM Ambler Updated Xerox Information - 9/16/2016 - WF Address Office Contact Name  Serial Number Model IP ADDRESS SBS ID HOSTNAM Pass: B3rk@d1a SBS:  1-800-322-5584 Pass:1234567812345678 Device Cert  Expires 323 Norristown  Rd. 323 Norristown  Rd. 323 Norristown  Rd. 323 Norristown  Rd. 323 Norristown  Rd. 323 Norristown  Rd. 323 Norristown  Rd. 323 Norristown  Rd. 323 Norristown  Rd. 323 Norristown  Rd. 323 Norristown  Rd. City/Building Share Name 324 Norristown  Rd. PA Horsham Philadelphia Offices  118 120 508 PA4028 PA5059 PA5062 PA4007 PA5058 PA4015 PA5060 PA5061 PA5063 PA5064 PA5067 PA118XEROX01 WC5655 WTD086728P B&W 192.168.236.43 00:00:aa:cf:db:42 192.168.239.25 PA118XEROX02 WC5655 WTD086740P B&W 192.168.234.191 00:00:aa:cf:db:3b 192.168.239.23 PA118XEROX03 WC7435 PBB014188 Color 192.168.236.125 08:00:37:9B:43:82 192.168.233.22 PA118XEROX04 WC7435 PBB012573 Color 192.168.236.46 08:00:37:9b:26:4f PA120XEROX01 WC5655 WTD086689P B&W 192.168.234.211 00:00:aa:cf:d9:85 192.168.239.9 PA120XEROX02 WC7435 PBB012579 Color 192.168.236.47 08:00:37:9B:26:6F 192.168.239.12 PA120XEROX03 WC7435 PBB096276N Color 192.168.234.205 08:00:37:9B:00:E3 192.168.239.13 PA508XEROX01 WC7435 PBB010921 Color 192.168.248.41 08:00:37:9B:15:41 PA508XEROX02 WC7435 PBB014461 Color 192.168.248.8 08:00:37:9B:45:72 PA508XEROX03 WC7435 PBB014383 Color 192.168.248.4 08:00:37:9B:44:29 PA508XEROX04 WC7655 VDR010087 Color 192.168.248.12 00:00:aa:7e:eb:d3 22 GCMPA2PRSRV 33 GCMPA2PRSRV 33 GCMPA1PRSRV GCMPA2PRSRV 17 GCMPA2PRSRV 14 GCMPA2PRSRV 35 GCMPA1PRSRV PA508PRSRV1 PA508PRSRV1 PA508PRSRV1 PA508PRSRV1 6th St Texas Austin Houston Plano Dallas Pearl St Dallas Douglas Ave Missouri St.Louis Illinois     AUSPRT04 TXAUXSEROX01 WC7435 PBB010945 Color 192.168.69.161 08:00:37:9B:12:EF 192.168.69.130 0 FA03 TXAUSF1 TXHOUXEROX01 WC7435 PBB015233 Color 192.168.69.14 08:00:37:9B:4C:D5 TXHOUF1 TXPLN01 TXPLNXEROX01 WC7765 RFX345612 Color 192.168.115.72 00:00:aa:d6:07:55 TXPLNF1 TXDAL08 TXDAL07 TXDAL10 TXDAK01 TXDAK02 MOSTL01 MOSTL02 TXDALXEROX02 WC7435 PBB007463 Color 192.168.146.21 08:00:37:9A:EA:22 TXDALXEROX04 WC5655 WTD086796P B&W 192.168.146.20 00:00:aa:cf:da:f7 TXDALXEROX05 WC5655 WTD086733P B&W 192.168.146.160 00:00:aa:cf:db:45 TXDALXEROX01 WC5655 WTD086788P B&W 192.168.147.25 00:00:aa:cf:db:1a TXDALXEROX03 WC7435 PBB013908 Color 192.168.147.26 08:00:37:9B:3D:77 MOSTLXEROX01 WC5655 WTD086729P B&W 192.168.103.51 00:00:aa:cf:db:3e MOSTLXEROX02 WC7765 RFX012383 Color 192.168.103.40 00:00:aa:d5:f8:b5 Xerox OLD Page 1087     TXDALF2 TXDALF2 TXDALF2 TXDALF1 TXDALF1  Illinois Chicago PR01 PR02 ILCHIXEROX01 WC7435 PBB013990 Color 192.168.120.132 08:00:37:9B:3F:95 ILCHIXEROX02 WC5655 WTD086743P B&W 192.168.120.136 00:00:aa:cf:db:3d ILCHIWF1 ILCHIWF1 Oregon Portland Denver Colorado Georgia Atlanta Atlanta Midtown New Jersey Red Bank New York New York Madison Ave Virginia Richmond California San Francisco Los Angeles Irvine Pasadena Murrieta Utah Salt Lake City Michigan Detroit Alabama Birmingham North Carolina PR01 ORPORXEROX01 WC7435 PBB010040 Color 192.168.97.80 08:00:37:9B:0F:A2 ORPORWAFS Xerox7435 CODENXEROX01 WC7435 PBB013169 Color 192.168.66.152 08:00:37:9B:2E:5C CODENF1 GAATL01 GAATL03 GAATLXEROX01 WC7435 PBB014184 Color 192.168.74.143 08:00:37:9B:43:BF GAATLXEROX03 WC5655 WTD086726P B&W 192.168.74.148 00:00:aa:cf:db:54 GAATLF1 GAATLF1 GAALPXEROX01 GAALPXEROX01 WC7535 XKK396684 Color 192.168.73.11 9c:93:4e:01:ff:78 GAALPF1 NJRDB01 NJSHBXEROX01 WC7435 PBB014268 Color 192.168.101.40 08:00:37:9B:45:2D NYNYP01 NYNYP02 NYNYPXEROX01 WC7435 PBB014395 Color 192.168.98.21 08:00:37:9B:45:52 NYNYPXEROX02 WC7655 VBR010124 Color 192.168.98.22 00:00:aa:7e:f3:12 NYNYPF1 NYNYPF1 VARMD01 VARMDXEROX01 WC7435 PBB014225 Color 192.168.117.17 08:00:37:9B:43:10 GCMVAF1 CASFR02 CASFRXEROX02 WC7435 PBB014442 Color 192.168.123.90 08:00:37:9B:3D:39 CASFRF1 WC7435 CALOSXEROX01 WC7435 PBB014138 Color 192.168.70.28 08:00:37:9B:3E:F6 CALOSF1 CAIRV01 CAIRVXEROX01 WC7435 PBB012080 Color 192.168.124.145 08:00:37:9B:24:32 CAIRVF1 WC7655 CAPASXEROX01 WC7655 VDR008855 Color 192.168.106.170 00:00:aa:7e:ed:c9 CAPASF1 KONICA MINOLTA  C458  KONICA MINOLTA  C458  KM_C458 Color 192.168.166.22 00:20:6B:B9:9A:78 WC5655 WC7435 UTSLCXEROX01 WC5655 WTD590043E B&W 192.168.100.52 00:00:aa:cf:e8:57 UTSLCXEROX02 WC7435 PBB013652 Color 192.168.100.60 08:00:37:9B:31:42 UTSLCF2 UTSLCF2 MIDETXEROX01 WC7655 VDR009675 Color 192.168.65.152 00:00:aa:7e:f3:69 No server PB6004 PB6006 ALBHMXEROX02 WC7655 VDR010087 Color 192.168.93.61 00:00:aa:7e:eb:d3 ALBHMXEROX03 WC5655 WTD711451 B&W 192.168.93.53 00:00:aa:7b:dc:dc ALBHPF1 ALBHPF1 Raleigh  NCRAHXEROX01 WC5655 WTD095186E B&W 192.168.77.143 00:00:aa:cf:e7:a      Maryland Bethesda  mdbetxerox01 mdbetxerox02 WC 7535 XKK392055 Color http://192.168.68.14 00:00:aa:fa:0c:5e MDBETF1 Tempe Tempe azxerox01 aztemxerox01 WC 7435 PBB014127 Color 192.168.107.8 08:00:37:9b:43:9a AZTEMF1      Friday, October 31, 2014 10:22 AM","xerox clone xerox clone friday, march 22, 2013 10:08 clone xerox first need properties login go general setup select cloning. scroll browse select clone file download right one note work book save machine. specific clone file model machine. 5655 good clone 7435 good clone 7765 good clone save file browse upload xerox machine. file uploaded, machine reboot web access might unavailable printer come back up. keep refresh page time time come back. back up. keep refresh page time time come back. machine come back up. double check configurations email scan 2 home. also remember rename xerox proper name, bring name convention one originally cloned. question please feel free ask frank ruffino ambler frank ruffino mx4352427 7855 n0314 pa5064 ambler frank ruffino ex7406017 5855 172.20.7.135 g3025 pa5070 ambler frank ruffino ex7423898 5855 172.20.8.11 n0320 pa5058 ambler frank ruffino mx4352426 7855 172.20.8.10 n0316 pa4015 ambler frank ruffino ex7423962 5855 172.20.7.137 n0319 pa5059 2015 june upgrade complete complete complete complete complete ambler frank ruffino mx4352434 7855 172.20.7.138 n0317 pa5062 4/22, 4/24 complete ambler frank ruffino mx4352343 7855 172.20.8.12 n0315 pa5060 ambler frank ruffino mx4352403 7855 172.20.7.136 n0318 pa4007 ambler frank ruffino mx4348837 7855 172.20.7.12 n0204 pa5063 ambler frank ruffino mx4740808 7855 172.20.7.13 n2522 pa5075 complete complete complete complete ambler frank ruffino xpn553332 x570 172.20.7.11 n0254 pa5074 fiery 172.20.7.10 na device name ambler frank ruffino device model mx4470833 serial number type ip address 7855 172.20.1.23 mac address pa5079 switch mod port servers 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 5/12/2017 xerox info friday, march 22, 2013 10:20 ambler update xerox information - 9/16/2016 - wf address office contact name serial number model ip address sbs id hostnam pass: b3rk@d1a sbs: 1-800-322-5584 pass:1234567812345678 device cert expire 323 norristown rd. 323 norristown rd. 323 norristown rd. 323 norristown rd. 323 norristown rd. 323 norristown rd. 323 norristown rd. 323 norristown rd. 323 norristown rd. 323 norristown rd. 323 norristown rd. city/building share name 324 norristown rd. pa horsham philadelphia offices 118 120 508 pa4028 pa5059 pa5062 pa4007 pa5058 pa4015 pa5060 pa5061 pa5063 pa5064 pa5067 pa118xerox01 wc5655 wtd086728p b&w 192.168.236.43 00:00:aa:cf:db:42 192.168.239.25 pa118xerox02 wc5655 wtd086740p b&w 192.168.234.191 00:00:aa:cf:db:3b 192.168.239.23 pa118xerox03 wc7435 pbb014188 color 192.168.236.125 08:00:37:9b:43:82 192.168.233.22 pa118xerox04 wc7435 pbb012573 color 192.168.236.46 08:00:37:9b:26:4f pa120xerox01 wc5655 wtd086689p b&w 192.168.234.211 00:00:aa:cf:d9:85 192.168.239.9 pa120xerox02 wc7435 pbb012579 color 192.168.236.47 08:00:37:9b:26:6f 192.168.239.12 pa120xerox03 wc7435 pbb096276n color 192.168.234.205 08:00:37:9b:00:e3 192.168.239.13 pa508xerox01 wc7435 pbb010921 color 192.168.248.41 08:00:37:9b:15:41 pa508xerox02 wc7435 pbb014461 color 192.168.248.8 08:00:37:9b:45:72 pa508xerox03 wc7435 pbb014383 color 192.168.248.4 08:00:37:9b:44:29 pa508xerox04 wc7655 vdr010087 color 192.168.248.12 00:00:aa:7e:eb:d3 22 gcmpa2prsrv 33 gcmpa2prsrv 33 gcmpa1prsrv gcmpa2prsrv 17 gcmpa2prsrv 14 gcmpa2prsrv 35 gcmpa1prsrv pa508prsrv1 pa508prsrv1 pa508prsrv1 pa508prsrv1 6th st texas austin houston plano dallas pearl st dallas douglas ave missouri st.louis illinois ausprt04 txauxserox01 wc7435 pbb010945 color 192.168.69.161 08:00:37:9b:12:ef 192.168.69.130 0 fa03 txausf1 txhouxerox01 wc7435 pbb015233 color 192.168.69.14 08:00:37:9b:4c:d5 txhouf1 txpln01 txplnxerox01 wc7765 rfx345612 color 192.168.115.72 00:00:aa:d6:07:55 txplnf1 txdal08 txdal07 txdal10 txdak01 txdak02 mostl01 mostl02 txdalxerox02 wc7435 pbb007463 color 192.168.146.21 08:00:37:9a:ea:22 txdalxerox04 wc5655 wtd086796p b&w 192.168.146.20 00:00:aa:cf:da:f7 txdalxerox05 wc5655 wtd086733p b&w 192.168.146.160 00:00:aa:cf:db:45 txdalxerox01 wc5655 wtd086788p b&w 192.168.147.25 00:00:aa:cf:db:1a txdalxerox03 wc7435 pbb013908 color 192.168.147.26 08:00:37:9b:3d:77 mostlxerox01 wc5655 wtd086729p b&w 192.168.103.51 00:00:aa:cf:db:3e mostlxerox02 wc7765 rfx012383 color 192.168.103.40 00:00:aa:d5:f8:b5 xerox old page 1087 txdalf2 txdalf2 txdalf2 txdalf1 txdalf1 illinois chicago pr01 pr02 ilchixerox01 wc7435 pbb013990 color 192.168.120.132 08:00:37:9b:3f:95 ilchixerox02 wc5655 wtd086743p b&w 192.168.120.136 00:00:aa:cf:db:3d ilchiwf1 ilchiwf1 oregon portland denver colorado georgia atlanta atlanta midtown new jersey red bank new york new york madison ave virginia richmond california san francisco los angeles irvine pasadena murrieta utah salt lake city michigan detroit alabama birmingham north carolina pr01 orporxerox01 wc7435 pbb010040 color 192.168.97.80 08:00:37:9b:0f:a2 orporwafs xerox7435 codenxerox01 wc7435 pbb013169 color 192.168.66.152 08:00:37:9b:2e:5c codenf1 gaatl01 gaatl03 gaatlxerox01 wc7435 pbb014184 color 192.168.74.143 08:00:37:9b:43:bf gaatlxerox03 wc5655 wtd086726p b&w 192.168.74.148 00:00:aa:cf:db:54 gaatlf1 gaatlf1 gaalpxerox01 gaalpxerox01 wc7535 xkk396684 color 192.168.73.11 9c:93:4e:01:ff:78 gaalpf1 njrdb01 njshbxerox01 wc7435 pbb014268 color 192.168.101.40 08:00:37:9b:45:2d nynyp01 nynyp02 nynypxerox01 wc7435 pbb014395 color 192.168.98.21 08:00:37:9b:45:52 nynypxerox02 wc7655 vbr010124 color 192.168.98.22 00:00:aa:7e:f3:12 nynypf1 nynypf1 varmd01 varmdxerox01 wc7435 pbb014225 color 192.168.117.17 08:00:37:9b:43:10 gcmvaf1 casfr02 casfrxerox02 wc7435 pbb014442 color 192.168.123.90 08:00:37:9b:3d:39 casfrf1 wc7435 calosxerox01 wc7435 pbb014138 color 192.168.70.28 08:00:37:9b:3e:f6 calosf1 cairv01 cairvxerox01 wc7435 pbb012080 color 192.168.124.145 08:00:37:9b:24:32 cairvf1 wc7655 capasxerox01 wc7655 vdr008855 color 192.168.106.170 00:00:aa:7e:ed:c9 capasf1 konica minolta c458 konica minolta c458 km_c458 color 192.168.166.22 00:20:6b:b9:9a:78 wc5655 wc7435 utslcxerox01 wc5655 wtd590043e b&w 192.168.100.52 00:00:aa:cf:e8:57 utslcxerox02 wc7435 pbb013652 color 192.168.100.60 08:00:37:9b:31:42 utslcf2 utslcf2 midetxerox01 wc7655 vdr009675 color 192.168.65.152 00:00:aa:7e:f3:69 server pb6004 pb6006 albhmxerox02 wc7655 vdr010087 color 192.168.93.61 00:00:aa:7e:eb:d3 albhmxerox03 wc5655 wtd711451 b&w 192.168.93.53 00:00:aa:7b:dc:dc albhpf1 albhpf1 raleigh ncrahxerox01 wc5655 wtd095186e b&w 192.168.77.143 00:00:aa:cf:e7:a maryland bethesda mdbetxerox01 mdbetxerox02 wc 7535 xkk392055 color http://192.168.68.14 00:00:aa:fa:0c:5e mdbetf1 tempe tempe azxerox01 aztemxerox01 wc 7435 pbb014127 color 192.168.107.8 08:00:37:9b:43:9a aztemf1 friday, october 31, 2014 10:22"
478,Xerox Passwords," Tuesday, March 19, 2013 8:01 AM Default Admin login Admin  B3rk@d1a if this doesn’t work use the default 1111. Please make sure to change the password from 1111 to B3rk@d1a. Go to this section to change the password 5655 - Properties - login with admin Security - Authentication Configuration - Device System Administrator Password / select modify. Type in the old password and then change the password to the Berkadia standard. Properties - login with admin Security - System Administrator Settings Make sure that you type in admin for the login id and nothing different and then set the password to the  Berkadia standard. Properties - login with admin Security - Authentication Configuration - Device System Administrator Password / select modify. Change the password to the Berkadia standard. Properties - login with admin Security - Admin Password Change the password to the Berkadia standard. Properties - login with admin Security - Admin Password Type in the old password and then change the password to the Berkadia standard. 7435- 7655- 7765- 7535-    ","[71, 0, 172, 779]",[1077],"Xerox Passwords Xerox Passwords Xerox Passwords Xerox Passwords Xerox Passwords Xerox Passwords Xerox Passwords Xerox Passwords Xerox Passwords Xerox Passwords   Tuesday, March 19, 2013 8:01 AM Default Admin login Admin  B3rk@d1a if this doesn’t work use the default 1111. Please make sure to change the password from 1111 to B3rk@d1a. Go to this section to change the password 5655 - Properties - login with admin Security - Authentication Configuration - Device System Administrator Password / select modify. Type in the old password and then change the password to the Berkadia standard. Properties - login with admin Security - System Administrator Settings Make sure that you type in admin for the login id and nothing different and then set the password to the  Berkadia standard. Properties - login with admin Security - Authentication Configuration - Device System Administrator Password / select modify. Change the password to the Berkadia standard. Properties - login with admin Security - Admin Password Change the password to the Berkadia standard. Properties - login with admin Security - Admin Password Type in the old password and then change the password to the Berkadia standard. 7435- 7655- 7765- 7535-    ","xerox passwords xerox passwords xerox passwords xerox passwords xerox passwords xerox passwords xerox passwords xerox passwords xerox passwords xerox passwords tuesday, march 19, 2013 8:01 default admin login admin b3rk@d1a doesn’t work use default 1111. please make sure change password 1111 b3rk@d1a. go section change password 5655 - properties - login admin security - authentication configuration - device system administrator password / select modify. type old password change password berkadia standard. properties - login admin security - system administrator settings make sure type admin login id nothing different set password berkadia standard. properties - login admin security - authentication configuration - device system administrator password / select modify. change password berkadia standard. properties - login admin security - admin password change password berkadia standard. properties - login admin security - admin password type old password change password berkadia standard. 7435- 7655- 7765- 7535-","Xerox Passwords Xerox Passwords   Tuesday, March 19, 2013 8:01 AM Default Admin login Admin  B3rk@d1a if this doesn’t work use the default 1111. Please make sure to change the password from 1111 to B3rk@d1a. Go to this section to change the password 5655 - Properties - login with admin Security - Authentication Configuration - Device System Administrator Password / select modify. Type in the old password and then change the password to the Berkadia standard. Properties - login with admin Security - System Administrator Settings Make sure that you type in admin for the login id and nothing different and then set the password to the  Berkadia standard. Properties - login with admin Security - Authentication Configuration - Device System Administrator Password / select modify. Change the password to the Berkadia standard. Properties - login with admin Security - Admin Password Change the password to the Berkadia standard. Properties - login with admin Security - Admin Password Type in the old password and then change the password to the Berkadia standard. 7435- 7655- 7765- 7535-    ","xerox passwords xerox passwords tuesday, march 19, 2013 8:01 default admin login admin b3rk@d1a doesn’t work use default 1111. please make sure change password 1111 b3rk@d1a. go section change password 5655 - properties - login admin security - authentication configuration - device system administrator password / select modify. type old password change password berkadia standard. properties - login admin security - system administrator settings make sure type admin login id nothing different set password berkadia standard. properties - login admin security - authentication configuration - device system administrator password / select modify. change password berkadia standard. properties - login admin security - admin password change password berkadia standard. properties - login admin security - admin password type old password change password berkadia standard. 7435- 7655- 7765- 7535-"
479,Xerox Setup - New Models," Monday, March 5, 2018 3:15 PM Instructions for first time setup with AltaLink B8055 and C8055 models: Before the old unit is replaced, do these steps: Backup local address book with favorite contacts. Record network configuration and Fax number if available. Make note of DHCP or static IP address. Once Xerox technician physically installed the unit, verify that they have done this: ENABLE EMBEDDED FAX FEATURE USING DEFAULT ADMIN LOGIN (default user:admin &  pass:1111). This needs to be done before the clone image is applied. Verify all connections and print out configuration report. Retrieve and make note of new network information MAC & IP address. Try to mirror the  previous configuration DHCP or static (use old IP if you can). If you choose DHCP then the new unit will most likely get a different IP address Remote configuration: Download NEWCLONE.dlm from Teams > Xerox Deployment > Files tab Log in web management with IP provided and use user:admin & pass:1111. Go to Connectivity > setup > Wired Connection - Edit > IP (internet protocol) - Edit. Show DNS  settings and change printer hostname. Make sure requested Domain Name is gmaccm.com. General Setup > Cloning > Choose File ""NEWCLONE.dlm"" and install. Wait for reboot. Have Xerox or local tech confirm reboot and print out configuration reboot. If needed, use ipscanner to find new ip given from DHCP. Set IP as DHCP or static depending on previous configuration. If printer received a new IP and you are using DHCP, record it to escalate to LAN for DHCP  reservation. Make sure that domain name is gmaccm.com and DNS servers are populated with  172.18.2.254 and 192.168.176.50. Share server configuration: These steps require access to the local share server that the printers are on. I believe as of  now only LAN and possibly Desktop Engineers have permission to remote to a remote share  like midetf2. Help Desk team still has access to Ambler local print server pa508prsrv1. Remote desktop into the server. Open Devices and Printers, for each printer with an IP change, right click > properties. Check the port that is associated with the old IP and disable that. Add a new port with the new  IP. Test with local users: If everything is setup properly, local users should be able to print without changing any device  or drivers on their end (barring extreme driver corruption error). Test local print Test scan to email Test fax if applicable Remote Services Setup (for meter reading and vendor support): General Setup > Remote Services Setup HTTP Proxy Server > Edit Select Host Name and use proxy server address: pa508-fg01.gmaccm.com port: 31337    ","[70, 0, 456, 776]",[1063],"Xerox Setup - New Models Xerox Setup - New Models Xerox Setup - New Models Xerox Setup - New Models Xerox Setup - New Models Xerox Setup - New Models Xerox Setup - New Models Xerox Setup - New Models Xerox Setup - New Models Xerox Setup - New Models   Monday, March 5, 2018 3:15 PM Instructions for first time setup with AltaLink B8055 and C8055 models: Before the old unit is replaced, do these steps: Backup local address book with favorite contacts. Record network configuration and Fax number if available. Make note of DHCP or static IP address. Once Xerox technician physically installed the unit, verify that they have done this: ENABLE EMBEDDED FAX FEATURE USING DEFAULT ADMIN LOGIN (default user:admin &  pass:1111). This needs to be done before the clone image is applied. Verify all connections and print out configuration report. Retrieve and make note of new network information MAC & IP address. Try to mirror the  previous configuration DHCP or static (use old IP if you can). If you choose DHCP then the new unit will most likely get a different IP address Remote configuration: Download NEWCLONE.dlm from Teams > Xerox Deployment > Files tab Log in web management with IP provided and use user:admin & pass:1111. Go to Connectivity > setup > Wired Connection - Edit > IP (internet protocol) - Edit. Show DNS  settings and change printer hostname. Make sure requested Domain Name is gmaccm.com. General Setup > Cloning > Choose File ""NEWCLONE.dlm"" and install. Wait for reboot. Have Xerox or local tech confirm reboot and print out configuration reboot. If needed, use ipscanner to find new ip given from DHCP. Set IP as DHCP or static depending on previous configuration. If printer received a new IP and you are using DHCP, record it to escalate to LAN for DHCP  reservation. Make sure that domain name is gmaccm.com and DNS servers are populated with  172.18.2.254 and 192.168.176.50. Share server configuration: These steps require access to the local share server that the printers are on. I believe as of  now only LAN and possibly Desktop Engineers have permission to remote to a remote share  like midetf2. Help Desk team still has access to Ambler local print server pa508prsrv1. Remote desktop into the server. Open Devices and Printers, for each printer with an IP change, right click > properties. Check the port that is associated with the old IP and disable that. Add a new port with the new  IP. Test with local users: If everything is setup properly, local users should be able to print without changing any device  or drivers on their end (barring extreme driver corruption error). Test local print Test scan to email Test fax if applicable Remote Services Setup (for meter reading and vendor support): General Setup > Remote Services Setup HTTP Proxy Server > Edit Select Host Name and use proxy server address: pa508-fg01.gmaccm.com port: 31337    ","xerox setup - new model xerox setup - new model xerox setup - new model xerox setup - new model xerox setup - new model xerox setup - new model xerox setup - new model xerox setup - new model xerox setup - new model xerox setup - new model monday, march 5, 2018 3:15 pm instructions first time setup altalink b8055 c8055 models: old unit replaced, steps: backup local address book favorite contacts. record network configuration fax number available. make note dhcp static ip address. xerox technician physically instal unit, verify do this: enable embed fax feature use default admin login (default user:admin & pass:1111). need do clone image applied. verify connections print configuration report. retrieve make note new network information mac & ip address. try mirror previous configuration dhcp static (use old ip can). choose dhcp new unit likely get different ip address remote configuration: download newclone.dlm team > xerox deployment > file tab log web management ip provide use user:admin & pass:1111. go connectivity > setup > wire connection - edit > ip (internet protocol) - edit. show dns settings change printer hostname. make sure request domain name gmaccm.com. general setup > clone > choose file ""newclone.dlm"" install. wait reboot. xerox local tech confirm reboot print configuration reboot. needed, use ipscanner find new ip give dhcp. set ip dhcp static depend previous configuration. printer receive new ip use dhcp, record escalate lan dhcp reservation. make sure domain name gmaccm.com dns servers populate 172.18.2.254 192.168.176.50. share server configuration: step require access local share server printers on. believe lan possibly desktop engineer permission remote remote share like midetf2. help desk team still access ambler local print server pa508prsrv1. remote desktop server. open devices printers, printer ip change, right click > properties. check port associate old ip disable that. add new port new ip. test local users: everything setup properly, local users able print without change device drivers end (barring extreme driver corruption error). test local print test scan email test fax applicable remote service setup (for meter read vendor support): general setup > remote service setup http proxy server > edit select host name use proxy server address: pa508-fg01.gmaccm.com port: 31337","Xerox Setup - New Models Xerox Setup - New Models   Monday, March 5, 2018 3:15 PM Instructions for first time setup with AltaLink B8055 and C8055 models: Before the old unit is replaced, do these steps: Backup local address book with favorite contacts. Record network configuration and Fax number if available. Make note of DHCP or static IP address. Once Xerox technician physically installed the unit, verify that they have done this: ENABLE EMBEDDED FAX FEATURE USING DEFAULT ADMIN LOGIN (default user:admin &  pass:1111). This needs to be done before the clone image is applied. Verify all connections and print out configuration report. Retrieve and make note of new network information MAC & IP address. Try to mirror the  previous configuration DHCP or static (use old IP if you can). If you choose DHCP then the new unit will most likely get a different IP address Remote configuration: Download NEWCLONE.dlm from Teams > Xerox Deployment > Files tab Log in web management with IP provided and use user:admin & pass:1111. Go to Connectivity > setup > Wired Connection - Edit > IP (internet protocol) - Edit. Show DNS  settings and change printer hostname. Make sure requested Domain Name is gmaccm.com. General Setup > Cloning > Choose File ""NEWCLONE.dlm"" and install. Wait for reboot. Have Xerox or local tech confirm reboot and print out configuration reboot. If needed, use ipscanner to find new ip given from DHCP. Set IP as DHCP or static depending on previous configuration. If printer received a new IP and you are using DHCP, record it to escalate to LAN for DHCP  reservation. Make sure that domain name is gmaccm.com and DNS servers are populated with  172.18.2.254 and 192.168.176.50. Share server configuration: These steps require access to the local share server that the printers are on. I believe as of  now only LAN and possibly Desktop Engineers have permission to remote to a remote share  like midetf2. Help Desk team still has access to Ambler local print server pa508prsrv1. Remote desktop into the server. Open Devices and Printers, for each printer with an IP change, right click > properties. Check the port that is associated with the old IP and disable that. Add a new port with the new  IP. Test with local users: If everything is setup properly, local users should be able to print without changing any device  or drivers on their end (barring extreme driver corruption error). Test local print Test scan to email Test fax if applicable Remote Services Setup (for meter reading and vendor support): General Setup > Remote Services Setup HTTP Proxy Server > Edit Select Host Name and use proxy server address: pa508-fg01.gmaccm.com port: 31337    ","xerox setup - new model xerox setup - new model monday, march 5, 2018 3:15 pm instructions first time setup altalink b8055 c8055 models: old unit replaced, steps: backup local address book favorite contacts. record network configuration fax number available. make note dhcp static ip address. xerox technician physically instal unit, verify do this: enable embed fax feature use default admin login (default user:admin & pass:1111). need do clone image applied. verify connections print configuration report. retrieve make note new network information mac & ip address. try mirror previous configuration dhcp static (use old ip can). choose dhcp new unit likely get different ip address remote configuration: download newclone.dlm team > xerox deployment > file tab log web management ip provide use user:admin & pass:1111. go connectivity > setup > wire connection - edit > ip (internet protocol) - edit. show dns settings change printer hostname. make sure request domain name gmaccm.com. general setup > clone > choose file ""newclone.dlm"" install. wait reboot. xerox local tech confirm reboot print configuration reboot. needed, use ipscanner find new ip give dhcp. set ip dhcp static depend previous configuration. printer receive new ip use dhcp, record escalate lan dhcp reservation. make sure domain name gmaccm.com dns servers populate 172.18.2.254 192.168.176.50. share server configuration: step require access local share server printers on. believe lan possibly desktop engineer permission remote remote share like midetf2. help desk team still access ambler local print server pa508prsrv1. remote desktop server. open devices printers, printer ip change, right click > properties. check port associate old ip disable that. add new port new ip. test local users: everything setup properly, local users able print without change device drivers end (barring extreme driver corruption error). test local print test scan email test fax applicable remote service setup (for meter read vendor support): general setup > remote service setup http proxy server > edit select host name use proxy server address: pa508-fg01.gmaccm.com port: 31337"
480,Yardi Login Issue," Tuesday, February 6, 2018 8:40 AM Users can use this URL to access Yardi login page from any internet connection.  https://matrix.pi- ei.com/login  Only users that have been assigned a login account with Yardi can access / login to  Yardi.  IF users should have any questions about their Yardi login account, direct them to Terri Rubin.   She handles all of the commercial real estate subscription services.  For example - Yardi, CoStar,  AxioMetrics. -Leigh Gilmer    ","[72, 0, 178, 775]",[217],"Yardi Login Issue Yardi Login Issue Yardi Login Issue Yardi Login Issue Yardi Login Issue Yardi Login Issue Yardi Login Issue Yardi Login Issue Yardi Login Issue Yardi Login Issue   Tuesday, February 6, 2018 8:40 AM Users can use this URL to access Yardi login page from any internet connection.  https://matrix.pi- ei.com/login  Only users that have been assigned a login account with Yardi can access / login to  Yardi.  IF users should have any questions about their Yardi login account, direct them to Terri Rubin.   She handles all of the commercial real estate subscription services.  For example - Yardi, CoStar,  AxioMetrics. -Leigh Gilmer    ","yardi login issue yardi login issue yardi login issue yardi login issue yardi login issue yardi login issue yardi login issue yardi login issue yardi login issue yardi login issue tuesday, february 6, 2018 8:40 users use url access yardi login page internet connection. https://matrix.pi- ei.com/login users assign login account yardi access / login yardi. users question yardi login account, direct terri rubin. handle commercial real estate subscription services. example - yardi, costar, axiometrics. -leigh gilmer","Yardi Login Issue Yardi Login Issue   Tuesday, February 6, 2018 8:40 AM Users can use this URL to access Yardi login page from any internet connection.  https://matrix.pi- ei.com/login  Only users that have been assigned a login account with Yardi can access / login to  Yardi.  IF users should have any questions about their Yardi login account, direct them to Terri Rubin.   She handles all of the commercial real estate subscription services.  For example - Yardi, CoStar,  AxioMetrics. -Leigh Gilmer    ","yardi login issue yardi login issue tuesday, february 6, 2018 8:40 users use url access yardi login page internet connection. https://matrix.pi- ei.com/login users assign login account yardi access / login yardi. users question yardi login account, direct terri rubin. handle commercial real estate subscription services. example - yardi, costar, axiometrics. -leigh gilmer"
481,Yosemite," Tuesday, December 08, 2015 9:52 AM 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6.","[56, 527, 244, 779]",[651],"Yosemite Yosemite Yosemite Yosemite Yosemite Yosemite Yosemite Yosemite Yosemite Yosemite   Tuesday, December 08, 2015 9:52 AM 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6.","yosemite yosemite yosemite yosemite yosemite yosemite yosemite yosemite yosemite yosemite tuesday, december 08, 2015 9:52 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6.","Yosemite Yosemite   Tuesday, December 08, 2015 9:52 AM 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6.","yosemite yosemite tuesday, december 08, 2015 9:52 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6."
482,"You MUST manually uninstall all prior versions of Office and related software, then ","1. reboot before proceeding. 2. The user must already be licensed for Office 365 client tools. 3. You must perform the installation on the user’s computer. Either physically or remotely controlling it. In Chrome, navigate to “portal.office.com.”   If it does not auto-fill your username, input username@berkadia.com and click “tab” (it should skip needing the password, as it  redirects to the Berkadia ADFS login page instead). If redirected to the adfs.berkadia.com sign-on page, input your username and network password.  Click “Log In”. You’ll reach a landing page displaying any Office 365 application the user is currently licensed for. In the upper right-hand  corner, you’ll be looking for “Install Office Apps.” Click that button then Office 2016 from the drop down. This will initiate the  installer download. Once downloaded, run the installer (this usually shows up in the downloads folder). Keep in mind the installer will need to pull  down most of the installation files from the internet so this method isn’t the most desirable due to bandwidth usage. If you have any questions on this, please reach out to the Office365 team:  Office365@berkadia.com    ","[64, 1, 321, 708]",[241],"You MUST manually uninstall all prior versions of Office and related software, then  You MUST manually uninstall all prior versions of Office and related software, then  You MUST manually uninstall all prior versions of Office and related software, then  You MUST manually uninstall all prior versions of Office and related software, then  You MUST manually uninstall all prior versions of Office and related software, then  You MUST manually uninstall all prior versions of Office and related software, then  You MUST manually uninstall all prior versions of Office and related software, then  You MUST manually uninstall all prior versions of Office and related software, then  You MUST manually uninstall all prior versions of Office and related software, then  You MUST manually uninstall all prior versions of Office and related software, then   1. reboot before proceeding. 2. The user must already be licensed for Office 365 client tools. 3. You must perform the installation on the user’s computer. Either physically or remotely controlling it. In Chrome, navigate to “portal.office.com.”   If it does not auto-fill your username, input username@berkadia.com and click “tab” (it should skip needing the password, as it  redirects to the Berkadia ADFS login page instead). If redirected to the adfs.berkadia.com sign-on page, input your username and network password.  Click “Log In”. You’ll reach a landing page displaying any Office 365 application the user is currently licensed for. In the upper right-hand  corner, you’ll be looking for “Install Office Apps.” Click that button then Office 2016 from the drop down. This will initiate the  installer download. Once downloaded, run the installer (this usually shows up in the downloads folder). Keep in mind the installer will need to pull  down most of the installation files from the internet so this method isn’t the most desirable due to bandwidth usage. If you have any questions on this, please reach out to the Office365 team:  Office365@berkadia.com    ","must manually uninstall prior versions office relate software, must manually uninstall prior versions office relate software, must manually uninstall prior versions office relate software, must manually uninstall prior versions office relate software, must manually uninstall prior versions office relate software, must manually uninstall prior versions office relate software, must manually uninstall prior versions office relate software, must manually uninstall prior versions office relate software, must manually uninstall prior versions office relate software, must manually uninstall prior versions office relate software, 1. reboot proceeding. 2. user must already license office 365 client tools. 3. must perform installation user’s computer. either physically remotely control it. chrome, navigate “portal.office.com.” auto-fill username, input username@berkadia.com click “tab” (it skip need password, redirect berkadia adfs login page instead). redirect adfs.berkadia.com sign-on page, input username network password. click “log in”. you’ll reach land page display office 365 application user currently license for. upper right-hand corner, you’ll look “install office apps.” click button office 2016 drop down. initiate installer download. downloaded, run installer (this usually show download folder). keep mind installer need pull installation file internet method isn’t desirable due bandwidth usage. question this, please reach office365 team: office365@berkadia.com","You MUST manually uninstall all prior versions of Office and related software, then  You MUST manually uninstall all prior versions of Office and related software, then   1. reboot before proceeding. 2. The user must already be licensed for Office 365 client tools. 3. You must perform the installation on the user’s computer. Either physically or remotely controlling it. In Chrome, navigate to “portal.office.com.”   If it does not auto-fill your username, input username@berkadia.com and click “tab” (it should skip needing the password, as it  redirects to the Berkadia ADFS login page instead). If redirected to the adfs.berkadia.com sign-on page, input your username and network password.  Click “Log In”. You’ll reach a landing page displaying any Office 365 application the user is currently licensed for. In the upper right-hand  corner, you’ll be looking for “Install Office Apps.” Click that button then Office 2016 from the drop down. This will initiate the  installer download. Once downloaded, run the installer (this usually shows up in the downloads folder). Keep in mind the installer will need to pull  down most of the installation files from the internet so this method isn’t the most desirable due to bandwidth usage. If you have any questions on this, please reach out to the Office365 team:  Office365@berkadia.com    ","must manually uninstall prior versions office relate software, must manually uninstall prior versions office relate software, 1. reboot proceeding. 2. user must already license office 365 client tools. 3. must perform installation user’s computer. either physically remotely control it. chrome, navigate “portal.office.com.” auto-fill username, input username@berkadia.com click “tab” (it skip need password, redirect berkadia adfs login page instead). redirect adfs.berkadia.com sign-on page, input username network password. click “log in”. you’ll reach land page display office 365 application user currently license for. upper right-hand corner, you’ll look “install office apps.” click button office 2016 drop down. initiate installer download. downloaded, run installer (this usually show download folder). keep mind installer need pull installation file internet method isn’t desirable due bandwidth usage. question this, please reach office365 team: office365@berkadia.com"
483,Z Drive," Sunday, July 15, 2018 3:39 PM Usually Temporary files on Desktop and Laptop are stored at %USERPROFILE%\AppData\Local\ However as Thin Clients doesn’t use traditional hard drive and have UWF services TEMP files are not stored at the above  mentioned location and have dedicated Z drive or RamDisk which stores all the temporary files. Once the user logs in to the thin client TEMP files will be created here and will be flushed once the Thin Client is restarted . It is recommended for all the users to restart their Thin Clients after their shift ends as it wipes the Z drive. When troubleshooting Slowness/Sluggishness issues make sure to check the Device Up time. If the TC is not restarted users will experience performance issues on the thin client. Screenshot for Z drive and Last UP    ","[60, 3, 134, 780]",[1051],"Z Drive Z Drive Z Drive Z Drive Z Drive Z Drive Z Drive Z Drive Z Drive Z Drive   Sunday, July 15, 2018 3:39 PM Usually Temporary files on Desktop and Laptop are stored at %USERPROFILE%\AppData\Local\ However as Thin Clients doesn’t use traditional hard drive and have UWF services TEMP files are not stored at the above  mentioned location and have dedicated Z drive or RamDisk which stores all the temporary files. Once the user logs in to the thin client TEMP files will be created here and will be flushed once the Thin Client is restarted . It is recommended for all the users to restart their Thin Clients after their shift ends as it wipes the Z drive. When troubleshooting Slowness/Sluggishness issues make sure to check the Device Up time. If the TC is not restarted users will experience performance issues on the thin client. Screenshot for Z drive and Last UP    ","z drive z drive z drive z drive z drive z drive z drive z drive z drive z drive sunday, july 15, 2018 3:39 pm usually temporary file desktop laptop store %userprofile%\appdata\local\ however thin clients doesn’t use traditional hard drive uwf service temp file store mention location dedicate z drive ramdisk store temporary files. user log thin client temp file create flush thin client restart . recommend users restart thin clients shift end wipe z drive. troubleshoot slowness/sluggishness issue make sure check device time. tc restart users experience performance issue thin client. screenshot z drive last","Z Drive Z Drive   Sunday, July 15, 2018 3:39 PM Usually Temporary files on Desktop and Laptop are stored at %USERPROFILE%\AppData\Local\ However as Thin Clients doesn’t use traditional hard drive and have UWF services TEMP files are not stored at the above  mentioned location and have dedicated Z drive or RamDisk which stores all the temporary files. Once the user logs in to the thin client TEMP files will be created here and will be flushed once the Thin Client is restarted . It is recommended for all the users to restart their Thin Clients after their shift ends as it wipes the Z drive. When troubleshooting Slowness/Sluggishness issues make sure to check the Device Up time. If the TC is not restarted users will experience performance issues on the thin client. Screenshot for Z drive and Last UP    ","z drive z drive sunday, july 15, 2018 3:39 pm usually temporary file desktop laptop store %userprofile%\appdata\local\ however thin clients doesn’t use traditional hard drive uwf service temp file store mention location dedicate z drive ramdisk store temporary files. user log thin client temp file create flush thin client restart . recommend users restart thin clients shift end wipe z drive. troubleshoot slowness/sluggishness issue make sure check device time. tc restart users experience performance issue thin client. screenshot z drive last"
484,[TIPS] A Centrify Server Suite Cheat Sheet," Thursday, March 30, 2017 9:49 AM AD-bridging commands (""ad"" commands) adcheck - check OS, network and AD readiness for Centrify DirectControl To check the system with domain (e.g. corp.contoso.com) $ adcheck corp.contoso.com To only perform OS checks $ adcheck --test os To only perform network-related tests $ adcheck --test net corp.contoso.com To only perform AD-related tests $ adcheck --test ad corp.contoso.com To check the system with a service domain controller (e.g. dc1) $ adcheck --servername dc1 corp.contoso.com To check connectivity only with DCs within the site $ adcheck --siteonly corp.contoso.com To check only on 3 (or n) DCs in a large domain $ adcheck --bigdommain 3 corp.contoso.com To check trust relationships (e.g. with hq.fabrikam.com) $ adcheck --xdomain corp.contoso.com To skip NTP checking (if you are not doing sync with AD DCs) $ adcheck --skip-ntp corp.contoso.com adinfo:  provides information about the status of the agent Looking-up Basic Information To check the general status of the client $ adinfo To see the current domain controller the client is using $ adinfo --server To see the current domain the agent is joined to $ adinfo --domain To see the status (mode) of the agent (connected to ad or in offline mode) $ adinfo --mode To see the version of the installed client $ adinfo --version To see the corresponding Centrify Suite Version $ adinfo --suite-version To view Active Directory connectivity to the current domain $ adinfo --test     <- this command will reconnect to AD      $ adinfo --test     <- this command will reconnect to AD To view the current Active Directory site $ adinfo --site To see the current joined Centrify zone $ adinfo --zone $ adinfo --zonedn  (in distinguishedName format) Advanced/Troubleshooting Information DNS To check for the ""joined-as"" name (local host name and joined as name may be different) $ adinfo --name To check the status of the DNS cache and stats $ adinfo --diag dns Connectivity To check connectivity with an AD domain  $ adinfo --test [domain.name] To check network connectivity statistics $ adinfo --sysinfo neststate To test connectivity against a specific domain controller $ adinfo --T --servername [dc-name] Active Directory To see the current AD Global Catalog $ adinfo --gc To see the domain/forest map $ adinfo --sysinfo domain To see the status of the AD computer trust relationship $ adinfo --sysinfo adagent Testing Credentials $ adinfo -A --user [username]   # this will prompt you for a password, the output is:   Password for user ""username"" is correct/incorrect Configuration To parse the contents of the centrify.conf file $ adinfo --config To show the client's in memory configuration parameters $ adinfo --sysinfo config To show Centrify name service configuration $ cat /etc/nsswitch.conf | grep centrifydc Kerberos To view Kerberos information like supported encryption types, key version and registered SPNs $ adinfo --computer To view the updated Kerberos configuration in the local system $ cat /etc/krb5.conf      $ cat /etc/krb5.conf To list the principals in the system's krb5.conf file $ dzdo /usr/share/centrifydc/kerberos/bin/klist -kt /etc/krb5.keytab To determine the encryption types of the system's cached ticket $ dzdo /usr/share/centrifydc/kerberos/bin/klist -fe /etc/krb5.ccache PKI adcert - a CLI-based MS PKI client To perform auto-enrollment of Computer PKI certificates (requires elegible template and  communications) Using the computer object to authenticate $ dzdo /usr/share/centrifydc/sbin/adcert --enroll --machine Using a user to authenticate $ dzo /usr/share/centrifydc/sbin/adcert --enroll --user [ADusername] Dynamic DNS addns - a dynamic DNS client for AD DNS or RFC 2136-compliant servers To renew DNS using machine credentials $ sudo addns --update --machine To renew DNS using user credentials $ sudo addns --update --user [ADusername] To renew DNS only on a specific interface (e.g. eth0) $ sudo addns --update --machine --interface eth0 Multi-factor Authentication Readiness For MFA to work you need: A Centrify Identity or Privilege Service SaaS tenant or Privilege Service On Premises At least one Centrify Connector (multiple for redundancy) Your UNIX/Linux systems must trust the IWA Root Cert of the tenant OR Enterprise/Public  trust is setup Your UNIX/Linux systems must be able to communicate to the Centrify Connector via HTTPS  and the IWA port adcdiag - performs a readiness check for  Centrify Identity Platform's MFA To check against the default tenant published in Active Directory (requires Centrify connector) $ dzdo adcdiag  To specify the tenant URL $ dzdo adcdiag --cloudurl example.my.centrify.com To list the Centrify Connectors in your environment / Instance names $ dzdo adcdiag --list connectors $ dzdo adcdiag --list instance To list the Centrify Connectors for a specific instance URL $ dzdo adcdiag --list instance example.my.centrify.com Querying Centrify-enabled AD Users and Groups adquery: provides information about Active Directory users and groups that are UNIX-enabled by       adquery: provides information about Active Directory users and groups that are UNIX-enabled by  Centrify To view all Centrify UNIX-enabled users  $ adquery user will show all AD users in Express mode / Only authorized in Zone mode To view all Centrify UNIX-enabled groups $ adquery group will show all AD groups in Express mode / Only unix-enabled in Zone mode To view a user's entry (passwd style) $ adquery user [username] To view a group entry (group style) $ adquery group [groupname] To view only the user or group's AD group memberships $ adquery user [user] --adgroup To view all information about a user or group  (including AD object attributes) $ adquery user|group [user or group] -A To view the distinguishedName a user or group  $ adquery user|group [user or group] --dn To view all information and include password expiration, account lockout/enabled state $ dzdo adquery user [user] -A To view information about a computer $ adquery user [computername]$ -A To get results from cache (instead of fetching from AD) $ adquery user|group [options] --cache-first Centrify Cache Commands adobjectrefresh - refreshes a specific user or group (requires DirectControl 5.3 and above) To refresh a specific user object (by unix name, samaccountname, dn, upn, canonicalname) $ dzdo adobjectrefresh --user fred.thomas To force-refresh a specific user object (by unix name, samaccountname, dn, upn, canonicalname) $ dzdo adobjectrefresh --user fred.thomas@centrif.vms --force To refresh a specific group (by unix name, samaccountname, canonicalname) $ dzdo adobjectrefresh --group admins To refresh a specific group, but ignore members (not recursively refresh member user/groups) $ dzdo adobjectrefresh --group admins --ignoremembers adflush - clears the Centrify cache in the local computer (dc, gc, credential & dns) To flush the authorization cache      To flush the authorization cache $ dzdo adflush --auth To rebind and force a new DC selection $ dzdo adflush --bindings To flush the DNS cache $ dzdo adflush --dns To expire the information from domain controllers and global catalogs $ dzdo adflush --expire To force complete removal/expiration even when disconnected (use carefully) $ dzdo adflush --force To refresh the krb5.conf file  $ dzdo adflush --trusts To clear the health history $ dzdo adflush --health To clear the cloud connectors (in MFA scenarios) $ dzdo adflush --connectors Group Policy-related Commands adgpupdate - triggers the group policy refresh interval To refresh the GPOs in the system $ adgpupdate To refresh only computer GPOs $ adgpupdate --target Computer To refresh only user GPOs $ adgpupdate --target User adgpresult - to view a RSOP (resultant set of policy) to the local system or user To view the report for computer and user $ adgpresult To view the report for the computer $ adgpresult --computer To view the report for the current $ adgpresult --user To view the report for a particular user $ dzdo adgpresult --user [user.name] Joining Active Directory adjoin - joins an Active Directory domain To run adjoin successfully, you need: to be root or have sudo (root-like) rights to have the credentials (or the keytab) of an AD user that can join computers to a container  (NOT Domain Admin) to know the Distinguished Name (e.g. ""ou=servers,ou=unix"") of the container that you will  place the system in AD to know the domain name you're joining (e.g. corp.contoso.com)      to know the domain name you're joining (e.g. corp.contoso.com) to have a clear network path to the DC or DCs you're using (dns, global catalog, kerberos, ldap,  cifs, ntp) Sample Join Operations To join AD in workstation/express mode (AD user must be able to add computers to  ""ou=workstations,ou=unix"") $ sudo adjoin --workstation --container ""ou=workstations,ou=unix"" --user  [AuthorizedADUser] --verbose [domain.name] To join AD in Self-Service mode (AD/Centrify admin pre-created the machine ahead of time using  Access Manager console or Centrify PowerShell) $ sudo adjoin --selfserve [domain.name] To join AD in zone mode (e.g. Global zone) $ sudo adjoin --zone Global --container ""ou=servers,ou=unix"" --user  [AuthorizedADUser] --verbose [domain.name] To join AD in zone mode and don't initialize (precache) $ sudo adjoin --noinit --zone Global --container ""ou=servers,ou=unix"" -- user [AuthorizedADUser] --verbose [domain.name] To join AD and trust the Computer for Delegation (must know what you're doing - security  implications) $ sudo adjoin --trust Global --container ""ou=servers,ou=unix"" --user  [AuthorizedADUser] --verbose [domain.name] To join AD in workstation mode and specify a workstation license $ sudo adjoin --licensetype ""workstation""--workstation --container  ""ou=workstations,ou=unix"" --user [AuthorizedADUser] --verbose  [domain.name] To use an specific domain controller to join (e.g. dc1.hq.fabrikam.com) $ sudo adjoin --server dc1.hq.fabrikam.com Global --container  ""ou=servers,ou=unix"" --user [AuthorizedADUser] --verbose [domain.name] To join a Mac in Workstation mode and instruct Centrify to use the Apple algorighm to generate  UID/GID scheme $ sudo adjoin --enableAppleIDGenScheme --container ""ou=macs,ou=unix"" -- user [AuthorizedADUser] --verbose [domain.name] To join AD and provide a different ""AD name"" than the local system name (e.g. adserver vs.  localhost) $ sudo adjoin --name adserver --container ""ou=servers,ou=unix"" --user  [AuthorizedADUser] --verbose [domain.name] To join AD using keytab (kinit Authorized AD user keytab first, then run adjoin without the --user  option) $ env KRB5_CONFIG=[/path/to/krb5.conf]  /usr/share/centrifydc/kerberos/bin/kinit -kt /path/to/keytab [principal] $ sudo adjoin --zone Global --container ""ou=servers,ou=unix"" --verbose  [domain.name] Leaving Active Directory adleave - leaves an Active Directory domain adleave by default will disable the computer account in AD (if the --remove option is not used) and  will roll-back the Kerberos, PAM and NSS configuration to the state it was prior to running adjoin. To run adjoin successfully, you need:      To run adjoin successfully, you need: to be root or have sudo (root-like) rights for an ""online"" leave operation, you need the credentials or an authorized AD user (or keytab) Leave the domain and disable the computer object (orphan object left behind) $ dzdo adleave --user [Authorized ADUsername] Leave the domain and remove computer object (frees license) $ dzdo adleave --user [Authorized ADUsername] --remove Offline/forced leave (no AD connectivity required, must clean-up in AD) $ dzdo adleave --force Privilege Elevation (""dz"" commands) dzinfo - displays information of the user's access controls To view self access (all) $ dzinfo To view the properties of the role(s), including effectiveness $ dzinfo --roles To view how you can access the system (PAM rights) $ dzinfo --pam To view the commands you can run $ dzinfo --commands To view the computer roles that apply to the system (requires elevation) $ dzinfo --computer-role To view authorization information about about another user (requires elevation) $ dzdo dzinfo [user.name] To test a command against the role $ dzinfo --test [path/to/binary] [options] Centrify-enhanced sudo dzdo - centrify-enhanced sudo. Uses Centrify zone data in AD for commands, otherwise identical to  sudo. To view version information (as of 2015, based on sudo 1.8.10p3) $ dzdo -V DirectAudit Commands (""da"" commands) dainfo - shows information about the status of the audit agent To view the audit agent status $ dainfo To view status with verbose output $ dainfo --diag  (or dadiag) To view contents of the configuration file $ dainfo --config To view audited status of another user (must elevate)      To view audited status of another user (must elevate) $ dzdo dainfo --username lisa.simpson dacontrol - controls the status/configuration of the directaudit client (requires elevation) To set the installation (if not set by Group Policy) $ dzdo dacontrol --installation [installation-name] To check if the audit agent is enabled $ dzdo dacontrol --query To enable direct audit $ dzdo dacontrol --enable To disable direct audit $ dzdo dacontrol --disable What happens when adjoin is run succesfully? This activates the DirectControl agent (adclient/CentrifyDC service). 1. Creates a computer object in AD and sets SPNs for http, host, nfs, cifs, afpserver 2. Establishes a secure communication channel between the system and Active Directory 3. A forest/domain/site map is created to locate the nearest DCs 4. The Kerberos environment (krb5.conf, krb5.keytab) are maintained by Centrify (configurable).  A  backup is created. 5. Network time is synchronized with AD DCs (configurable) 6. The PAM (Pluggable Authentication Modules) are modified to include Centrify auth, account,  password, session modules. A back-up of the previous configuration is made. 7. The NSS (Name Service Switch) providers for users and groups defaults to AD first, then other  methods (e.g. files, ldap, etc).  A backup of the previous configuration is made. Note: in the OS X platform, the PAM/NSS functions are channeled via the Directory Services Plugin  API. 8. An Access Control Model is enforced depending on the zone mode:  - In zone mode (licensed):  Authorization (RBAC) follows zone rules (defaults to closed, only  authorized users can access and enabled groups are visible)  - In express/workstation mode:  Only Authentication is facilitated.  The system is open for all AD  users and all groups are visible. 9. Privilege Elevation:  Centrify-enhanced sudo (dzdo) becomes active based on the roles/rights  defined. 10. User/Group identity (RFC2307) data in AD is stored within the Centrify zone, NOT with the  user/group object. 11. The virtual registry is initialized and group policies are enforced. What happens when adleave is run succesfully? 1. Online the --remove object:  The object in AD is removed from the container and from the zone  (frees license) 2. Online the without --remove object:  The object in AD is marked as disabled.  Must be ovewritten  to rejoin. 2. Offline:  The object in AD is left orphaned.  Cleanup must happen via  API (AM, PowerShell, adedit) 3. The UNIX environment is reset and rolled back (Kerberos, PAM, NSS) 4. The Centrify adclient (CentrifyDC) service is disabled. Important Locations /usr/share/centrifydc/   bin > contains user binaries, including centrify-enhanced openldap tools like ldapsearch sbin > contains system binaries, including adcert and centrify-enhanced OpenSSH samples > sample files for hadoop, adedit and local account management kerberos/bin > this is the location of the Centrify-provided MIT Kerberos tools      kerberos/bin > this is the location of the Centrify-provided MIT Kerberos tools /etc/centrifydc centrifydc > config files for the DirectControl agent centrifyda > config files for the DirectAudit agent ssh > config files for Centrify-enhanced OpenSSH    ","[72, 0, 72, 775]","[586, 594]","[TIPS] A Centrify Server Suite Cheat Sheet [TIPS] A Centrify Server Suite Cheat Sheet [TIPS] A Centrify Server Suite Cheat Sheet [TIPS] A Centrify Server Suite Cheat Sheet [TIPS] A Centrify Server Suite Cheat Sheet [TIPS] A Centrify Server Suite Cheat Sheet [TIPS] A Centrify Server Suite Cheat Sheet [TIPS] A Centrify Server Suite Cheat Sheet [TIPS] A Centrify Server Suite Cheat Sheet [TIPS] A Centrify Server Suite Cheat Sheet   Thursday, March 30, 2017 9:49 AM AD-bridging commands (""ad"" commands) adcheck - check OS, network and AD readiness for Centrify DirectControl To check the system with domain (e.g. corp.contoso.com) $ adcheck corp.contoso.com To only perform OS checks $ adcheck --test os To only perform network-related tests $ adcheck --test net corp.contoso.com To only perform AD-related tests $ adcheck --test ad corp.contoso.com To check the system with a service domain controller (e.g. dc1) $ adcheck --servername dc1 corp.contoso.com To check connectivity only with DCs within the site $ adcheck --siteonly corp.contoso.com To check only on 3 (or n) DCs in a large domain $ adcheck --bigdommain 3 corp.contoso.com To check trust relationships (e.g. with hq.fabrikam.com) $ adcheck --xdomain corp.contoso.com To skip NTP checking (if you are not doing sync with AD DCs) $ adcheck --skip-ntp corp.contoso.com adinfo:  provides information about the status of the agent Looking-up Basic Information To check the general status of the client $ adinfo To see the current domain controller the client is using $ adinfo --server To see the current domain the agent is joined to $ adinfo --domain To see the status (mode) of the agent (connected to ad or in offline mode) $ adinfo --mode To see the version of the installed client $ adinfo --version To see the corresponding Centrify Suite Version $ adinfo --suite-version To view Active Directory connectivity to the current domain $ adinfo --test     <- this command will reconnect to AD      $ adinfo --test     <- this command will reconnect to AD To view the current Active Directory site $ adinfo --site To see the current joined Centrify zone $ adinfo --zone $ adinfo --zonedn  (in distinguishedName format) Advanced/Troubleshooting Information DNS To check for the ""joined-as"" name (local host name and joined as name may be different) $ adinfo --name To check the status of the DNS cache and stats $ adinfo --diag dns Connectivity To check connectivity with an AD domain  $ adinfo --test [domain.name] To check network connectivity statistics $ adinfo --sysinfo neststate To test connectivity against a specific domain controller $ adinfo --T --servername [dc-name] Active Directory To see the current AD Global Catalog $ adinfo --gc To see the domain/forest map $ adinfo --sysinfo domain To see the status of the AD computer trust relationship $ adinfo --sysinfo adagent Testing Credentials $ adinfo -A --user [username]   # this will prompt you for a password, the output is:   Password for user ""username"" is correct/incorrect Configuration To parse the contents of the centrify.conf file $ adinfo --config To show the client's in memory configuration parameters $ adinfo --sysinfo config To show Centrify name service configuration $ cat /etc/nsswitch.conf | grep centrifydc Kerberos To view Kerberos information like supported encryption types, key version and registered SPNs $ adinfo --computer To view the updated Kerberos configuration in the local system $ cat /etc/krb5.conf      $ cat /etc/krb5.conf To list the principals in the system's krb5.conf file $ dzdo /usr/share/centrifydc/kerberos/bin/klist -kt /etc/krb5.keytab To determine the encryption types of the system's cached ticket $ dzdo /usr/share/centrifydc/kerberos/bin/klist -fe /etc/krb5.ccache PKI adcert - a CLI-based MS PKI client To perform auto-enrollment of Computer PKI certificates (requires elegible template and  communications) Using the computer object to authenticate $ dzdo /usr/share/centrifydc/sbin/adcert --enroll --machine Using a user to authenticate $ dzo /usr/share/centrifydc/sbin/adcert --enroll --user [ADusername] Dynamic DNS addns - a dynamic DNS client for AD DNS or RFC 2136-compliant servers To renew DNS using machine credentials $ sudo addns --update --machine To renew DNS using user credentials $ sudo addns --update --user [ADusername] To renew DNS only on a specific interface (e.g. eth0) $ sudo addns --update --machine --interface eth0 Multi-factor Authentication Readiness For MFA to work you need: A Centrify Identity or Privilege Service SaaS tenant or Privilege Service On Premises At least one Centrify Connector (multiple for redundancy) Your UNIX/Linux systems must trust the IWA Root Cert of the tenant OR Enterprise/Public  trust is setup Your UNIX/Linux systems must be able to communicate to the Centrify Connector via HTTPS  and the IWA port adcdiag - performs a readiness check for  Centrify Identity Platform's MFA To check against the default tenant published in Active Directory (requires Centrify connector) $ dzdo adcdiag  To specify the tenant URL $ dzdo adcdiag --cloudurl example.my.centrify.com To list the Centrify Connectors in your environment / Instance names $ dzdo adcdiag --list connectors $ dzdo adcdiag --list instance To list the Centrify Connectors for a specific instance URL $ dzdo adcdiag --list instance example.my.centrify.com Querying Centrify-enabled AD Users and Groups adquery: provides information about Active Directory users and groups that are UNIX-enabled by       adquery: provides information about Active Directory users and groups that are UNIX-enabled by  Centrify To view all Centrify UNIX-enabled users  $ adquery user will show all AD users in Express mode / Only authorized in Zone mode To view all Centrify UNIX-enabled groups $ adquery group will show all AD groups in Express mode / Only unix-enabled in Zone mode To view a user's entry (passwd style) $ adquery user [username] To view a group entry (group style) $ adquery group [groupname] To view only the user or group's AD group memberships $ adquery user [user] --adgroup To view all information about a user or group  (including AD object attributes) $ adquery user|group [user or group] -A To view the distinguishedName a user or group  $ adquery user|group [user or group] --dn To view all information and include password expiration, account lockout/enabled state $ dzdo adquery user [user] -A To view information about a computer $ adquery user [computername]$ -A To get results from cache (instead of fetching from AD) $ adquery user|group [options] --cache-first Centrify Cache Commands adobjectrefresh - refreshes a specific user or group (requires DirectControl 5.3 and above) To refresh a specific user object (by unix name, samaccountname, dn, upn, canonicalname) $ dzdo adobjectrefresh --user fred.thomas To force-refresh a specific user object (by unix name, samaccountname, dn, upn, canonicalname) $ dzdo adobjectrefresh --user fred.thomas@centrif.vms --force To refresh a specific group (by unix name, samaccountname, canonicalname) $ dzdo adobjectrefresh --group admins To refresh a specific group, but ignore members (not recursively refresh member user/groups) $ dzdo adobjectrefresh --group admins --ignoremembers adflush - clears the Centrify cache in the local computer (dc, gc, credential & dns) To flush the authorization cache      To flush the authorization cache $ dzdo adflush --auth To rebind and force a new DC selection $ dzdo adflush --bindings To flush the DNS cache $ dzdo adflush --dns To expire the information from domain controllers and global catalogs $ dzdo adflush --expire To force complete removal/expiration even when disconnected (use carefully) $ dzdo adflush --force To refresh the krb5.conf file  $ dzdo adflush --trusts To clear the health history $ dzdo adflush --health To clear the cloud connectors (in MFA scenarios) $ dzdo adflush --connectors Group Policy-related Commands adgpupdate - triggers the group policy refresh interval To refresh the GPOs in the system $ adgpupdate To refresh only computer GPOs $ adgpupdate --target Computer To refresh only user GPOs $ adgpupdate --target User adgpresult - to view a RSOP (resultant set of policy) to the local system or user To view the report for computer and user $ adgpresult To view the report for the computer $ adgpresult --computer To view the report for the current $ adgpresult --user To view the report for a particular user $ dzdo adgpresult --user [user.name] Joining Active Directory adjoin - joins an Active Directory domain To run adjoin successfully, you need: to be root or have sudo (root-like) rights to have the credentials (or the keytab) of an AD user that can join computers to a container  (NOT Domain Admin) to know the Distinguished Name (e.g. ""ou=servers,ou=unix"") of the container that you will  place the system in AD to know the domain name you're joining (e.g. corp.contoso.com)      to know the domain name you're joining (e.g. corp.contoso.com) to have a clear network path to the DC or DCs you're using (dns, global catalog, kerberos, ldap,  cifs, ntp) Sample Join Operations To join AD in workstation/express mode (AD user must be able to add computers to  ""ou=workstations,ou=unix"") $ sudo adjoin --workstation --container ""ou=workstations,ou=unix"" --user  [AuthorizedADUser] --verbose [domain.name] To join AD in Self-Service mode (AD/Centrify admin pre-created the machine ahead of time using  Access Manager console or Centrify PowerShell) $ sudo adjoin --selfserve [domain.name] To join AD in zone mode (e.g. Global zone) $ sudo adjoin --zone Global --container ""ou=servers,ou=unix"" --user  [AuthorizedADUser] --verbose [domain.name] To join AD in zone mode and don't initialize (precache) $ sudo adjoin --noinit --zone Global --container ""ou=servers,ou=unix"" -- user [AuthorizedADUser] --verbose [domain.name] To join AD and trust the Computer for Delegation (must know what you're doing - security  implications) $ sudo adjoin --trust Global --container ""ou=servers,ou=unix"" --user  [AuthorizedADUser] --verbose [domain.name] To join AD in workstation mode and specify a workstation license $ sudo adjoin --licensetype ""workstation""--workstation --container  ""ou=workstations,ou=unix"" --user [AuthorizedADUser] --verbose  [domain.name] To use an specific domain controller to join (e.g. dc1.hq.fabrikam.com) $ sudo adjoin --server dc1.hq.fabrikam.com Global --container  ""ou=servers,ou=unix"" --user [AuthorizedADUser] --verbose [domain.name] To join a Mac in Workstation mode and instruct Centrify to use the Apple algorighm to generate  UID/GID scheme $ sudo adjoin --enableAppleIDGenScheme --container ""ou=macs,ou=unix"" -- user [AuthorizedADUser] --verbose [domain.name] To join AD and provide a different ""AD name"" than the local system name (e.g. adserver vs.  localhost) $ sudo adjoin --name adserver --container ""ou=servers,ou=unix"" --user  [AuthorizedADUser] --verbose [domain.name] To join AD using keytab (kinit Authorized AD user keytab first, then run adjoin without the --user  option) $ env KRB5_CONFIG=[/path/to/krb5.conf]  /usr/share/centrifydc/kerberos/bin/kinit -kt /path/to/keytab [principal] $ sudo adjoin --zone Global --container ""ou=servers,ou=unix"" --verbose  [domain.name] Leaving Active Directory adleave - leaves an Active Directory domain adleave by default will disable the computer account in AD (if the --remove option is not used) and  will roll-back the Kerberos, PAM and NSS configuration to the state it was prior to running adjoin. To run adjoin successfully, you need:      To run adjoin successfully, you need: to be root or have sudo (root-like) rights for an ""online"" leave operation, you need the credentials or an authorized AD user (or keytab) Leave the domain and disable the computer object (orphan object left behind) $ dzdo adleave --user [Authorized ADUsername] Leave the domain and remove computer object (frees license) $ dzdo adleave --user [Authorized ADUsername] --remove Offline/forced leave (no AD connectivity required, must clean-up in AD) $ dzdo adleave --force Privilege Elevation (""dz"" commands) dzinfo - displays information of the user's access controls To view self access (all) $ dzinfo To view the properties of the role(s), including effectiveness $ dzinfo --roles To view how you can access the system (PAM rights) $ dzinfo --pam To view the commands you can run $ dzinfo --commands To view the computer roles that apply to the system (requires elevation) $ dzinfo --computer-role To view authorization information about about another user (requires elevation) $ dzdo dzinfo [user.name] To test a command against the role $ dzinfo --test [path/to/binary] [options] Centrify-enhanced sudo dzdo - centrify-enhanced sudo. Uses Centrify zone data in AD for commands, otherwise identical to  sudo. To view version information (as of 2015, based on sudo 1.8.10p3) $ dzdo -V DirectAudit Commands (""da"" commands) dainfo - shows information about the status of the audit agent To view the audit agent status $ dainfo To view status with verbose output $ dainfo --diag  (or dadiag) To view contents of the configuration file $ dainfo --config To view audited status of another user (must elevate)      To view audited status of another user (must elevate) $ dzdo dainfo --username lisa.simpson dacontrol - controls the status/configuration of the directaudit client (requires elevation) To set the installation (if not set by Group Policy) $ dzdo dacontrol --installation [installation-name] To check if the audit agent is enabled $ dzdo dacontrol --query To enable direct audit $ dzdo dacontrol --enable To disable direct audit $ dzdo dacontrol --disable What happens when adjoin is run succesfully? This activates the DirectControl agent (adclient/CentrifyDC service). 1. Creates a computer object in AD and sets SPNs for http, host, nfs, cifs, afpserver 2. Establishes a secure communication channel between the system and Active Directory 3. A forest/domain/site map is created to locate the nearest DCs 4. The Kerberos environment (krb5.conf, krb5.keytab) are maintained by Centrify (configurable).  A  backup is created. 5. Network time is synchronized with AD DCs (configurable) 6. The PAM (Pluggable Authentication Modules) are modified to include Centrify auth, account,  password, session modules. A back-up of the previous configuration is made. 7. The NSS (Name Service Switch) providers for users and groups defaults to AD first, then other  methods (e.g. files, ldap, etc).  A backup of the previous configuration is made. Note: in the OS X platform, the PAM/NSS functions are channeled via the Directory Services Plugin  API. 8. An Access Control Model is enforced depending on the zone mode:  - In zone mode (licensed):  Authorization (RBAC) follows zone rules (defaults to closed, only  authorized users can access and enabled groups are visible)  - In express/workstation mode:  Only Authentication is facilitated.  The system is open for all AD  users and all groups are visible. 9. Privilege Elevation:  Centrify-enhanced sudo (dzdo) becomes active based on the roles/rights  defined. 10. User/Group identity (RFC2307) data in AD is stored within the Centrify zone, NOT with the  user/group object. 11. The virtual registry is initialized and group policies are enforced. What happens when adleave is run succesfully? 1. Online the --remove object:  The object in AD is removed from the container and from the zone  (frees license) 2. Online the without --remove object:  The object in AD is marked as disabled.  Must be ovewritten  to rejoin. 2. Offline:  The object in AD is left orphaned.  Cleanup must happen via  API (AM, PowerShell, adedit) 3. The UNIX environment is reset and rolled back (Kerberos, PAM, NSS) 4. The Centrify adclient (CentrifyDC) service is disabled. Important Locations /usr/share/centrifydc/   bin > contains user binaries, including centrify-enhanced openldap tools like ldapsearch sbin > contains system binaries, including adcert and centrify-enhanced OpenSSH samples > sample files for hadoop, adedit and local account management kerberos/bin > this is the location of the Centrify-provided MIT Kerberos tools      kerberos/bin > this is the location of the Centrify-provided MIT Kerberos tools /etc/centrifydc centrifydc > config files for the DirectControl agent centrifyda > config files for the DirectAudit agent ssh > config files for Centrify-enhanced OpenSSH    ","[tips] centrify server suite cheat sheet [tips] centrify server suite cheat sheet [tips] centrify server suite cheat sheet [tips] centrify server suite cheat sheet [tips] centrify server suite cheat sheet [tips] centrify server suite cheat sheet [tips] centrify server suite cheat sheet [tips] centrify server suite cheat sheet [tips] centrify server suite cheat sheet [tips] centrify server suite cheat sheet thursday, march 30, 2017 9:49 ad-bridging command (""ad"" commands) adcheck - check os, network ad readiness centrify directcontrol check system domain (e.g. corp.contoso.com) $ adcheck corp.contoso.com perform os check $ adcheck --test os perform network-related test $ adcheck --test net corp.contoso.com perform ad-related test $ adcheck --test ad corp.contoso.com check system service domain controller (e.g. dc1) $ adcheck --servername dc1 corp.contoso.com check connectivity dcs within site $ adcheck --siteonly corp.contoso.com check 3 (or n) dcs large domain $ adcheck --bigdommain 3 corp.contoso.com check trust relationships (e.g. hq.fabrikam.com) $ adcheck --xdomain corp.contoso.com skip ntp check (if sync ad dcs) $ adcheck --skip-ntp corp.contoso.com adinfo: provide information status agent looking-up basic information check general status client $ adinfo see current domain controller client use $ adinfo --server see current domain agent join $ adinfo --domain see status (mode) agent (connected ad offline mode) $ adinfo --mode see version instal client $ adinfo --version see correspond centrify suite version $ adinfo --suite-version view active directory connectivity current domain $ adinfo --test <- command reconnect ad $ adinfo --test <- command reconnect ad view current active directory site $ adinfo --site see current join centrify zone $ adinfo --zone $ adinfo --zonedn (in distinguishedname format) advanced/troubleshooting information dns check ""joined-as"" name (local host name join name may different) $ adinfo --name check status dns cache stats $ adinfo --diag dns connectivity check connectivity ad domain $ adinfo --test [domain.name] check network connectivity statistics $ adinfo --sysinfo neststate test connectivity specific domain controller $ adinfo --t --servername [dc-name] active directory see current ad global catalog $ adinfo --gc see domain/forest map $ adinfo --sysinfo domain see status ad computer trust relationship $ adinfo --sysinfo adagent test credentials $ adinfo -a --user [username] # prompt password, output is: password user ""username"" correct/incorrect configuration parse content centrify.conf file $ adinfo --config show client's memory configuration parameters $ adinfo --sysinfo config show centrify name service configuration $ cat /etc/nsswitch.conf | grep centrifydc kerberos view kerberos information like support encryption types, key version register spns $ adinfo --computer view update kerberos configuration local system $ cat /etc/krb5.conf $ cat /etc/krb5.conf list principals system's krb5.conf file $ dzdo /usr/share/centrifydc/kerberos/bin/klist -kt /etc/krb5.keytab determine encryption type system's cache ticket $ dzdo /usr/share/centrifydc/kerberos/bin/klist -fe /etc/krb5.ccache pki adcert - cli-based ms pki client perform auto-enrollment computer pki certificate (requires elegible template communications) use computer object authenticate $ dzdo /usr/share/centrifydc/sbin/adcert --enroll --machine use user authenticate $ dzo /usr/share/centrifydc/sbin/adcert --enroll --user [adusername] dynamic dns addns - dynamic dns client ad dns rfc 2136-compliant servers renew dns use machine credentials $ sudo addns --update --machine renew dns use user credentials $ sudo addns --update --user [adusername] renew dns specific interface (e.g. eth0) $ sudo addns --update --machine --interface eth0 multi-factor authentication readiness mfa work need: centrify identity privilege service saas tenant privilege service premise least one centrify connector (multiple redundancy) unix/linux systems must trust iwa root cert tenant enterprise/public trust setup unix/linux systems must able communicate centrify connector via https iwa port adcdiag - perform readiness check centrify identity platform's mfa check default tenant publish active directory (requires centrify connector) $ dzdo adcdiag specify tenant url $ dzdo adcdiag --cloudurl example.my.centrify.com list centrify connectors environment / instance name $ dzdo adcdiag --list connectors $ dzdo adcdiag --list instance list centrify connectors specific instance url $ dzdo adcdiag --list instance example.my.centrify.com query centrify-enabled ad users group adquery: provide information active directory users group unix-enabled adquery: provide information active directory users group unix-enabled centrify view centrify unix-enabled users $ adquery user show ad users express mode / authorize zone mode view centrify unix-enabled group $ adquery group show ad group express mode / unix-enabled zone mode view user's entry (passwd style) $ adquery user [username] view group entry (group style) $ adquery group [groupname] view user group's ad group memberships $ adquery user [user] --adgroup view information user group (including ad object attributes) $ adquery user|group [user group] -a view distinguishedname user group $ adquery user|group [user group] --dn view information include password expiration, account lockout/enabled state $ dzdo adquery user [user] -a view information computer $ adquery user [computername]$ -a get result cache (instead fetch ad) $ adquery user|group [options] --cache-first centrify cache command adobjectrefresh - refresh specific user group (requires directcontrol 5.3 above) refresh specific user object (by unix name, samaccountname, dn, upn, canonicalname) $ dzdo adobjectrefresh --user fred.thomas force-refresh specific user object (by unix name, samaccountname, dn, upn, canonicalname) $ dzdo adobjectrefresh --user fred.thomas@centrif.vms --force refresh specific group (by unix name, samaccountname, canonicalname) $ dzdo adobjectrefresh --group admins refresh specific group, ignore members (not recursively refresh member user/groups) $ dzdo adobjectrefresh --group admins --ignoremembers adflush - clear centrify cache local computer (dc, gc, credential & dns) flush authorization cache flush authorization cache $ dzdo adflush --auth rebind force new dc selection $ dzdo adflush --bindings flush dns cache $ dzdo adflush --dns expire information domain controllers global catalog $ dzdo adflush --expire force complete removal/expiration even disconnect (use carefully) $ dzdo adflush --force refresh krb5.conf file $ dzdo adflush --trusts clear health history $ dzdo adflush --health clear cloud connectors (in mfa scenarios) $ dzdo adflush --connectors group policy-related command adgpupdate - trigger group policy refresh interval refresh gpos system $ adgpupdate refresh computer gpos $ adgpupdate --target computer refresh user gpos $ adgpupdate --target user adgpresult - view rsop (resultant set policy) local system user view report computer user $ adgpresult view report computer $ adgpresult --computer view report current $ adgpresult --user view report particular user $ dzdo adgpresult --user [user.name] join active directory adjoin - join active directory domain run adjoin successfully, need: root sudo (root-like) right credentials (or keytab) ad user join computers container (not domain admin) know distinguish name (e.g. ""ou=servers,ou=unix"") container place system ad know domain name join (e.g. corp.contoso.com) know domain name join (e.g. corp.contoso.com) clear network path dc dcs use (dns, global catalog, kerberos, ldap, cifs, ntp) sample join operations join ad workstation/express mode (ad user must able add computers ""ou=workstations,ou=unix"") $ sudo adjoin --workstation --container ""ou=workstations,ou=unix"" --user [authorizedaduser] --verbose [domain.name] join ad self-service mode (ad/centrify admin pre-created machine ahead time use access manager console centrify powershell) $ sudo adjoin --selfserve [domain.name] join ad zone mode (e.g. global zone) $ sudo adjoin --zone global --container ""ou=servers,ou=unix"" --user [authorizedaduser] --verbose [domain.name] join ad zone mode initialize (precache) $ sudo adjoin --noinit --zone global --container ""ou=servers,ou=unix"" -- user [authorizedaduser] --verbose [domain.name] join ad trust computer delegation (must know - security implications) $ sudo adjoin --trust global --container ""ou=servers,ou=unix"" --user [authorizedaduser] --verbose [domain.name] join ad workstation mode specify workstation license $ sudo adjoin --licensetype ""workstation""--workstation --container ""ou=workstations,ou=unix"" --user [authorizedaduser] --verbose [domain.name] use specific domain controller join (e.g. dc1.hq.fabrikam.com) $ sudo adjoin --server dc1.hq.fabrikam.com global --container ""ou=servers,ou=unix"" --user [authorizedaduser] --verbose [domain.name] join mac workstation mode instruct centrify use apple algorighm generate uid/gid scheme $ sudo adjoin --enableappleidgenscheme --container ""ou=macs,ou=unix"" -- user [authorizedaduser] --verbose [domain.name] join ad provide different ""ad name"" local system name (e.g. adserver vs. localhost) $ sudo adjoin --name adserver --container ""ou=servers,ou=unix"" --user [authorizedaduser] --verbose [domain.name] join ad use keytab (kinit authorize ad user keytab first, run adjoin without --user option) $ env krb5_config=[/path/to/krb5.conf] /usr/share/centrifydc/kerberos/bin/kinit -kt /path/to/keytab [principal] $ sudo adjoin --zone global --container ""ou=servers,ou=unix"" --verbose [domain.name] leave active directory adleave - leave active directory domain adleave default disable computer account ad (if --remove option used) roll-back kerberos, pam nss configuration state prior run adjoin. run adjoin successfully, need: run adjoin successfully, need: root sudo (root-like) right ""online"" leave operation, need credentials authorize ad user (or keytab) leave domain disable computer object (orphan object leave behind) $ dzdo adleave --user [authorized adusername] leave domain remove computer object (frees license) $ dzdo adleave --user [authorized adusername] --remove offline/forced leave (no ad connectivity required, must clean-up ad) $ dzdo adleave --force privilege elevation (""dz"" commands) dzinfo - display information user's access control view self access (all) $ dzinfo view properties role(s), include effectiveness $ dzinfo --roles view access system (pam rights) $ dzinfo --pam view command run $ dzinfo --commands view computer roles apply system (requires elevation) $ dzinfo --computer-role view authorization information another user (requires elevation) $ dzdo dzinfo [user.name] test command role $ dzinfo --test [path/to/binary] [options] centrify-enhanced sudo dzdo - centrify-enhanced sudo. use centrify zone data ad commands, otherwise identical sudo. view version information (as 2015, base sudo 1.8.10p3) $ dzdo -v directaudit command (""da"" commands) dainfo - show information status audit agent view audit agent status $ dainfo view status verbose output $ dainfo --diag (or dadiag) view content configuration file $ dainfo --config view audit status another user (must elevate) view audit status another user (must elevate) $ dzdo dainfo --username lisa.simpson dacontrol - control status/configuration directaudit client (requires elevation) set installation (if set group policy) $ dzdo dacontrol --installation [installation-name] check audit agent enable $ dzdo dacontrol --query enable direct audit $ dzdo dacontrol --enable disable direct audit $ dzdo dacontrol --disable happen adjoin run succesfully activate directcontrol agent (adclient/centrifydc service). 1. create computer object ad set spns http, host, nfs, cifs, afpserver 2. establish secure communication channel system active directory 3. forest/domain/site map create locate nearest dcs 4. kerberos environment (krb5.conf, krb5.keytab) maintain centrify (configurable). backup created. 5. network time synchronize ad dcs (configurable) 6. pam (pluggable authentication modules) modify include centrify auth, account, password, session modules. back-up previous configuration made. 7. nss (name service switch) providers users group default ad first, methods (e.g. files, ldap, etc). backup previous configuration made. note: os x platform, pam/nss function channel via directory service plugin api. 8. access control model enforce depend zone mode: - zone mode (licensed): authorization (rbac) follow zone rule (defaults closed, authorize users access enable group visible) - express/workstation mode: authentication facilitated. system open ad users group visible. 9. privilege elevation: centrify-enhanced sudo (dzdo) become active base roles/rights defined. 10. user/group identity (rfc2307) data ad store within centrify zone, user/group object. 11. virtual registry initialize group policies enforced. happen adleave run succesfully 1. online --remove object: object ad remove container zone (frees license) 2. online without --remove object: object ad mark disabled. must ovewritten rejoin. 2. offline: object ad leave orphaned. cleanup must happen via api (am, powershell, adedit) 3. unix environment reset roll back (kerberos, pam, nss) 4. centrify adclient (centrifydc) service disabled. important locations /usr/share/centrifydc/ bin > contain user binaries, include centrify-enhanced openldap tool like ldapsearch sbin > contain system binaries, include adcert centrify-enhanced openssh sample > sample file hadoop, adedit local account management kerberos/bin > location centrify-provided mit kerberos tool kerberos/bin > location centrify-provided mit kerberos tool /etc/centrifydc centrifydc > config file directcontrol agent centrifyda > config file directaudit agent ssh > config file centrify-enhanced openssh","[TIPS] A Centrify Server Suite Cheat Sheet [TIPS] A Centrify Server Suite Cheat Sheet   Thursday, March 30, 2017 9:49 AM AD-bridging commands (""ad"" commands) adcheck - check OS, network and AD readiness for Centrify DirectControl To check the system with domain (e.g. corp.contoso.com) $ adcheck corp.contoso.com To only perform OS checks $ adcheck --test os To only perform network-related tests $ adcheck --test net corp.contoso.com To only perform AD-related tests $ adcheck --test ad corp.contoso.com To check the system with a service domain controller (e.g. dc1) $ adcheck --servername dc1 corp.contoso.com To check connectivity only with DCs within the site $ adcheck --siteonly corp.contoso.com To check only on 3 (or n) DCs in a large domain $ adcheck --bigdommain 3 corp.contoso.com To check trust relationships (e.g. with hq.fabrikam.com) $ adcheck --xdomain corp.contoso.com To skip NTP checking (if you are not doing sync with AD DCs) $ adcheck --skip-ntp corp.contoso.com adinfo:  provides information about the status of the agent Looking-up Basic Information To check the general status of the client $ adinfo To see the current domain controller the client is using $ adinfo --server To see the current domain the agent is joined to $ adinfo --domain To see the status (mode) of the agent (connected to ad or in offline mode) $ adinfo --mode To see the version of the installed client $ adinfo --version To see the corresponding Centrify Suite Version $ adinfo --suite-version To view Active Directory connectivity to the current domain $ adinfo --test     <- this command will reconnect to AD      $ adinfo --test     <- this command will reconnect to AD To view the current Active Directory site $ adinfo --site To see the current joined Centrify zone $ adinfo --zone $ adinfo --zonedn  (in distinguishedName format) Advanced/Troubleshooting Information DNS To check for the ""joined-as"" name (local host name and joined as name may be different) $ adinfo --name To check the status of the DNS cache and stats $ adinfo --diag dns Connectivity To check connectivity with an AD domain  $ adinfo --test [domain.name] To check network connectivity statistics $ adinfo --sysinfo neststate To test connectivity against a specific domain controller $ adinfo --T --servername [dc-name] Active Directory To see the current AD Global Catalog $ adinfo --gc To see the domain/forest map $ adinfo --sysinfo domain To see the status of the AD computer trust relationship $ adinfo --sysinfo adagent Testing Credentials $ adinfo -A --user [username]   # this will prompt you for a password, the output is:   Password for user ""username"" is correct/incorrect Configuration To parse the contents of the centrify.conf file $ adinfo --config To show the client's in memory configuration parameters $ adinfo --sysinfo config To show Centrify name service configuration $ cat /etc/nsswitch.conf | grep centrifydc Kerberos To view Kerberos information like supported encryption types, key version and registered SPNs $ adinfo --computer To view the updated Kerberos configuration in the local system $ cat /etc/krb5.conf      $ cat /etc/krb5.conf To list the principals in the system's krb5.conf file $ dzdo /usr/share/centrifydc/kerberos/bin/klist -kt /etc/krb5.keytab To determine the encryption types of the system's cached ticket $ dzdo /usr/share/centrifydc/kerberos/bin/klist -fe /etc/krb5.ccache PKI adcert - a CLI-based MS PKI client To perform auto-enrollment of Computer PKI certificates (requires elegible template and  communications) Using the computer object to authenticate $ dzdo /usr/share/centrifydc/sbin/adcert --enroll --machine Using a user to authenticate $ dzo /usr/share/centrifydc/sbin/adcert --enroll --user [ADusername] Dynamic DNS addns - a dynamic DNS client for AD DNS or RFC 2136-compliant servers To renew DNS using machine credentials $ sudo addns --update --machine To renew DNS using user credentials $ sudo addns --update --user [ADusername] To renew DNS only on a specific interface (e.g. eth0) $ sudo addns --update --machine --interface eth0 Multi-factor Authentication Readiness For MFA to work you need: A Centrify Identity or Privilege Service SaaS tenant or Privilege Service On Premises At least one Centrify Connector (multiple for redundancy) Your UNIX/Linux systems must trust the IWA Root Cert of the tenant OR Enterprise/Public  trust is setup Your UNIX/Linux systems must be able to communicate to the Centrify Connector via HTTPS  and the IWA port adcdiag - performs a readiness check for  Centrify Identity Platform's MFA To check against the default tenant published in Active Directory (requires Centrify connector) $ dzdo adcdiag  To specify the tenant URL $ dzdo adcdiag --cloudurl example.my.centrify.com To list the Centrify Connectors in your environment / Instance names $ dzdo adcdiag --list connectors $ dzdo adcdiag --list instance To list the Centrify Connectors for a specific instance URL $ dzdo adcdiag --list instance example.my.centrify.com Querying Centrify-enabled AD Users and Groups adquery: provides information about Active Directory users and groups that are UNIX-enabled by       adquery: provides information about Active Directory users and groups that are UNIX-enabled by  Centrify To view all Centrify UNIX-enabled users  $ adquery user will show all AD users in Express mode / Only authorized in Zone mode To view all Centrify UNIX-enabled groups $ adquery group will show all AD groups in Express mode / Only unix-enabled in Zone mode To view a user's entry (passwd style) $ adquery user [username] To view a group entry (group style) $ adquery group [groupname] To view only the user or group's AD group memberships $ adquery user [user] --adgroup To view all information about a user or group  (including AD object attributes) $ adquery user|group [user or group] -A To view the distinguishedName a user or group  $ adquery user|group [user or group] --dn To view all information and include password expiration, account lockout/enabled state $ dzdo adquery user [user] -A To view information about a computer $ adquery user [computername]$ -A To get results from cache (instead of fetching from AD) $ adquery user|group [options] --cache-first Centrify Cache Commands adobjectrefresh - refreshes a specific user or group (requires DirectControl 5.3 and above) To refresh a specific user object (by unix name, samaccountname, dn, upn, canonicalname) $ dzdo adobjectrefresh --user fred.thomas To force-refresh a specific user object (by unix name, samaccountname, dn, upn, canonicalname) $ dzdo adobjectrefresh --user fred.thomas@centrif.vms --force To refresh a specific group (by unix name, samaccountname, canonicalname) $ dzdo adobjectrefresh --group admins To refresh a specific group, but ignore members (not recursively refresh member user/groups) $ dzdo adobjectrefresh --group admins --ignoremembers adflush - clears the Centrify cache in the local computer (dc, gc, credential & dns) To flush the authorization cache      To flush the authorization cache $ dzdo adflush --auth To rebind and force a new DC selection $ dzdo adflush --bindings To flush the DNS cache $ dzdo adflush --dns To expire the information from domain controllers and global catalogs $ dzdo adflush --expire To force complete removal/expiration even when disconnected (use carefully) $ dzdo adflush --force To refresh the krb5.conf file  $ dzdo adflush --trusts To clear the health history $ dzdo adflush --health To clear the cloud connectors (in MFA scenarios) $ dzdo adflush --connectors Group Policy-related Commands adgpupdate - triggers the group policy refresh interval To refresh the GPOs in the system $ adgpupdate To refresh only computer GPOs $ adgpupdate --target Computer To refresh only user GPOs $ adgpupdate --target User adgpresult - to view a RSOP (resultant set of policy) to the local system or user To view the report for computer and user $ adgpresult To view the report for the computer $ adgpresult --computer To view the report for the current $ adgpresult --user To view the report for a particular user $ dzdo adgpresult --user [user.name] Joining Active Directory adjoin - joins an Active Directory domain To run adjoin successfully, you need: to be root or have sudo (root-like) rights to have the credentials (or the keytab) of an AD user that can join computers to a container  (NOT Domain Admin) to know the Distinguished Name (e.g. ""ou=servers,ou=unix"") of the container that you will  place the system in AD to know the domain name you're joining (e.g. corp.contoso.com)      to know the domain name you're joining (e.g. corp.contoso.com) to have a clear network path to the DC or DCs you're using (dns, global catalog, kerberos, ldap,  cifs, ntp) Sample Join Operations To join AD in workstation/express mode (AD user must be able to add computers to  ""ou=workstations,ou=unix"") $ sudo adjoin --workstation --container ""ou=workstations,ou=unix"" --user  [AuthorizedADUser] --verbose [domain.name] To join AD in Self-Service mode (AD/Centrify admin pre-created the machine ahead of time using  Access Manager console or Centrify PowerShell) $ sudo adjoin --selfserve [domain.name] To join AD in zone mode (e.g. Global zone) $ sudo adjoin --zone Global --container ""ou=servers,ou=unix"" --user  [AuthorizedADUser] --verbose [domain.name] To join AD in zone mode and don't initialize (precache) $ sudo adjoin --noinit --zone Global --container ""ou=servers,ou=unix"" -- user [AuthorizedADUser] --verbose [domain.name] To join AD and trust the Computer for Delegation (must know what you're doing - security  implications) $ sudo adjoin --trust Global --container ""ou=servers,ou=unix"" --user  [AuthorizedADUser] --verbose [domain.name] To join AD in workstation mode and specify a workstation license $ sudo adjoin --licensetype ""workstation""--workstation --container  ""ou=workstations,ou=unix"" --user [AuthorizedADUser] --verbose  [domain.name] To use an specific domain controller to join (e.g. dc1.hq.fabrikam.com) $ sudo adjoin --server dc1.hq.fabrikam.com Global --container  ""ou=servers,ou=unix"" --user [AuthorizedADUser] --verbose [domain.name] To join a Mac in Workstation mode and instruct Centrify to use the Apple algorighm to generate  UID/GID scheme $ sudo adjoin --enableAppleIDGenScheme --container ""ou=macs,ou=unix"" -- user [AuthorizedADUser] --verbose [domain.name] To join AD and provide a different ""AD name"" than the local system name (e.g. adserver vs.  localhost) $ sudo adjoin --name adserver --container ""ou=servers,ou=unix"" --user  [AuthorizedADUser] --verbose [domain.name] To join AD using keytab (kinit Authorized AD user keytab first, then run adjoin without the --user  option) $ env KRB5_CONFIG=[/path/to/krb5.conf]  /usr/share/centrifydc/kerberos/bin/kinit -kt /path/to/keytab [principal] $ sudo adjoin --zone Global --container ""ou=servers,ou=unix"" --verbose  [domain.name] Leaving Active Directory adleave - leaves an Active Directory domain adleave by default will disable the computer account in AD (if the --remove option is not used) and  will roll-back the Kerberos, PAM and NSS configuration to the state it was prior to running adjoin. To run adjoin successfully, you need:      To run adjoin successfully, you need: to be root or have sudo (root-like) rights for an ""online"" leave operation, you need the credentials or an authorized AD user (or keytab) Leave the domain and disable the computer object (orphan object left behind) $ dzdo adleave --user [Authorized ADUsername] Leave the domain and remove computer object (frees license) $ dzdo adleave --user [Authorized ADUsername] --remove Offline/forced leave (no AD connectivity required, must clean-up in AD) $ dzdo adleave --force Privilege Elevation (""dz"" commands) dzinfo - displays information of the user's access controls To view self access (all) $ dzinfo To view the properties of the role(s), including effectiveness $ dzinfo --roles To view how you can access the system (PAM rights) $ dzinfo --pam To view the commands you can run $ dzinfo --commands To view the computer roles that apply to the system (requires elevation) $ dzinfo --computer-role To view authorization information about about another user (requires elevation) $ dzdo dzinfo [user.name] To test a command against the role $ dzinfo --test [path/to/binary] [options] Centrify-enhanced sudo dzdo - centrify-enhanced sudo. Uses Centrify zone data in AD for commands, otherwise identical to  sudo. To view version information (as of 2015, based on sudo 1.8.10p3) $ dzdo -V DirectAudit Commands (""da"" commands) dainfo - shows information about the status of the audit agent To view the audit agent status $ dainfo To view status with verbose output $ dainfo --diag  (or dadiag) To view contents of the configuration file $ dainfo --config To view audited status of another user (must elevate)      To view audited status of another user (must elevate) $ dzdo dainfo --username lisa.simpson dacontrol - controls the status/configuration of the directaudit client (requires elevation) To set the installation (if not set by Group Policy) $ dzdo dacontrol --installation [installation-name] To check if the audit agent is enabled $ dzdo dacontrol --query To enable direct audit $ dzdo dacontrol --enable To disable direct audit $ dzdo dacontrol --disable What happens when adjoin is run succesfully? This activates the DirectControl agent (adclient/CentrifyDC service). 1. Creates a computer object in AD and sets SPNs for http, host, nfs, cifs, afpserver 2. Establishes a secure communication channel between the system and Active Directory 3. A forest/domain/site map is created to locate the nearest DCs 4. The Kerberos environment (krb5.conf, krb5.keytab) are maintained by Centrify (configurable).  A  backup is created. 5. Network time is synchronized with AD DCs (configurable) 6. The PAM (Pluggable Authentication Modules) are modified to include Centrify auth, account,  password, session modules. A back-up of the previous configuration is made. 7. The NSS (Name Service Switch) providers for users and groups defaults to AD first, then other  methods (e.g. files, ldap, etc).  A backup of the previous configuration is made. Note: in the OS X platform, the PAM/NSS functions are channeled via the Directory Services Plugin  API. 8. An Access Control Model is enforced depending on the zone mode:  - In zone mode (licensed):  Authorization (RBAC) follows zone rules (defaults to closed, only  authorized users can access and enabled groups are visible)  - In express/workstation mode:  Only Authentication is facilitated.  The system is open for all AD  users and all groups are visible. 9. Privilege Elevation:  Centrify-enhanced sudo (dzdo) becomes active based on the roles/rights  defined. 10. User/Group identity (RFC2307) data in AD is stored within the Centrify zone, NOT with the  user/group object. 11. The virtual registry is initialized and group policies are enforced. What happens when adleave is run succesfully? 1. Online the --remove object:  The object in AD is removed from the container and from the zone  (frees license) 2. Online the without --remove object:  The object in AD is marked as disabled.  Must be ovewritten  to rejoin. 2. Offline:  The object in AD is left orphaned.  Cleanup must happen via  API (AM, PowerShell, adedit) 3. The UNIX environment is reset and rolled back (Kerberos, PAM, NSS) 4. The Centrify adclient (CentrifyDC) service is disabled. Important Locations /usr/share/centrifydc/   bin > contains user binaries, including centrify-enhanced openldap tools like ldapsearch sbin > contains system binaries, including adcert and centrify-enhanced OpenSSH samples > sample files for hadoop, adedit and local account management kerberos/bin > this is the location of the Centrify-provided MIT Kerberos tools      kerberos/bin > this is the location of the Centrify-provided MIT Kerberos tools /etc/centrifydc centrifydc > config files for the DirectControl agent centrifyda > config files for the DirectAudit agent ssh > config files for Centrify-enhanced OpenSSH    ","[tips] centrify server suite cheat sheet [tips] centrify server suite cheat sheet thursday, march 30, 2017 9:49 ad-bridging command (""ad"" commands) adcheck - check os, network ad readiness centrify directcontrol check system domain (e.g. corp.contoso.com) $ adcheck corp.contoso.com perform os check $ adcheck --test os perform network-related test $ adcheck --test net corp.contoso.com perform ad-related test $ adcheck --test ad corp.contoso.com check system service domain controller (e.g. dc1) $ adcheck --servername dc1 corp.contoso.com check connectivity dcs within site $ adcheck --siteonly corp.contoso.com check 3 (or n) dcs large domain $ adcheck --bigdommain 3 corp.contoso.com check trust relationships (e.g. hq.fabrikam.com) $ adcheck --xdomain corp.contoso.com skip ntp check (if sync ad dcs) $ adcheck --skip-ntp corp.contoso.com adinfo: provide information status agent looking-up basic information check general status client $ adinfo see current domain controller client use $ adinfo --server see current domain agent join $ adinfo --domain see status (mode) agent (connected ad offline mode) $ adinfo --mode see version instal client $ adinfo --version see correspond centrify suite version $ adinfo --suite-version view active directory connectivity current domain $ adinfo --test <- command reconnect ad $ adinfo --test <- command reconnect ad view current active directory site $ adinfo --site see current join centrify zone $ adinfo --zone $ adinfo --zonedn (in distinguishedname format) advanced/troubleshooting information dns check ""joined-as"" name (local host name join name may different) $ adinfo --name check status dns cache stats $ adinfo --diag dns connectivity check connectivity ad domain $ adinfo --test [domain.name] check network connectivity statistics $ adinfo --sysinfo neststate test connectivity specific domain controller $ adinfo --t --servername [dc-name] active directory see current ad global catalog $ adinfo --gc see domain/forest map $ adinfo --sysinfo domain see status ad computer trust relationship $ adinfo --sysinfo adagent test credentials $ adinfo -a --user [username] # prompt password, output is: password user ""username"" correct/incorrect configuration parse content centrify.conf file $ adinfo --config show client's memory configuration parameters $ adinfo --sysinfo config show centrify name service configuration $ cat /etc/nsswitch.conf | grep centrifydc kerberos view kerberos information like support encryption types, key version register spns $ adinfo --computer view update kerberos configuration local system $ cat /etc/krb5.conf $ cat /etc/krb5.conf list principals system's krb5.conf file $ dzdo /usr/share/centrifydc/kerberos/bin/klist -kt /etc/krb5.keytab determine encryption type system's cache ticket $ dzdo /usr/share/centrifydc/kerberos/bin/klist -fe /etc/krb5.ccache pki adcert - cli-based ms pki client perform auto-enrollment computer pki certificate (requires elegible template communications) use computer object authenticate $ dzdo /usr/share/centrifydc/sbin/adcert --enroll --machine use user authenticate $ dzo /usr/share/centrifydc/sbin/adcert --enroll --user [adusername] dynamic dns addns - dynamic dns client ad dns rfc 2136-compliant servers renew dns use machine credentials $ sudo addns --update --machine renew dns use user credentials $ sudo addns --update --user [adusername] renew dns specific interface (e.g. eth0) $ sudo addns --update --machine --interface eth0 multi-factor authentication readiness mfa work need: centrify identity privilege service saas tenant privilege service premise least one centrify connector (multiple redundancy) unix/linux systems must trust iwa root cert tenant enterprise/public trust setup unix/linux systems must able communicate centrify connector via https iwa port adcdiag - perform readiness check centrify identity platform's mfa check default tenant publish active directory (requires centrify connector) $ dzdo adcdiag specify tenant url $ dzdo adcdiag --cloudurl example.my.centrify.com list centrify connectors environment / instance name $ dzdo adcdiag --list connectors $ dzdo adcdiag --list instance list centrify connectors specific instance url $ dzdo adcdiag --list instance example.my.centrify.com query centrify-enabled ad users group adquery: provide information active directory users group unix-enabled adquery: provide information active directory users group unix-enabled centrify view centrify unix-enabled users $ adquery user show ad users express mode / authorize zone mode view centrify unix-enabled group $ adquery group show ad group express mode / unix-enabled zone mode view user's entry (passwd style) $ adquery user [username] view group entry (group style) $ adquery group [groupname] view user group's ad group memberships $ adquery user [user] --adgroup view information user group (including ad object attributes) $ adquery user|group [user group] -a view distinguishedname user group $ adquery user|group [user group] --dn view information include password expiration, account lockout/enabled state $ dzdo adquery user [user] -a view information computer $ adquery user [computername]$ -a get result cache (instead fetch ad) $ adquery user|group [options] --cache-first centrify cache command adobjectrefresh - refresh specific user group (requires directcontrol 5.3 above) refresh specific user object (by unix name, samaccountname, dn, upn, canonicalname) $ dzdo adobjectrefresh --user fred.thomas force-refresh specific user object (by unix name, samaccountname, dn, upn, canonicalname) $ dzdo adobjectrefresh --user fred.thomas@centrif.vms --force refresh specific group (by unix name, samaccountname, canonicalname) $ dzdo adobjectrefresh --group admins refresh specific group, ignore members (not recursively refresh member user/groups) $ dzdo adobjectrefresh --group admins --ignoremembers adflush - clear centrify cache local computer (dc, gc, credential & dns) flush authorization cache flush authorization cache $ dzdo adflush --auth rebind force new dc selection $ dzdo adflush --bindings flush dns cache $ dzdo adflush --dns expire information domain controllers global catalog $ dzdo adflush --expire force complete removal/expiration even disconnect (use carefully) $ dzdo adflush --force refresh krb5.conf file $ dzdo adflush --trusts clear health history $ dzdo adflush --health clear cloud connectors (in mfa scenarios) $ dzdo adflush --connectors group policy-related command adgpupdate - trigger group policy refresh interval refresh gpos system $ adgpupdate refresh computer gpos $ adgpupdate --target computer refresh user gpos $ adgpupdate --target user adgpresult - view rsop (resultant set policy) local system user view report computer user $ adgpresult view report computer $ adgpresult --computer view report current $ adgpresult --user view report particular user $ dzdo adgpresult --user [user.name] join active directory adjoin - join active directory domain run adjoin successfully, need: root sudo (root-like) right credentials (or keytab) ad user join computers container (not domain admin) know distinguish name (e.g. ""ou=servers,ou=unix"") container place system ad know domain name join (e.g. corp.contoso.com) know domain name join (e.g. corp.contoso.com) clear network path dc dcs use (dns, global catalog, kerberos, ldap, cifs, ntp) sample join operations join ad workstation/express mode (ad user must able add computers ""ou=workstations,ou=unix"") $ sudo adjoin --workstation --container ""ou=workstations,ou=unix"" --user [authorizedaduser] --verbose [domain.name] join ad self-service mode (ad/centrify admin pre-created machine ahead time use access manager console centrify powershell) $ sudo adjoin --selfserve [domain.name] join ad zone mode (e.g. global zone) $ sudo adjoin --zone global --container ""ou=servers,ou=unix"" --user [authorizedaduser] --verbose [domain.name] join ad zone mode initialize (precache) $ sudo adjoin --noinit --zone global --container ""ou=servers,ou=unix"" -- user [authorizedaduser] --verbose [domain.name] join ad trust computer delegation (must know - security implications) $ sudo adjoin --trust global --container ""ou=servers,ou=unix"" --user [authorizedaduser] --verbose [domain.name] join ad workstation mode specify workstation license $ sudo adjoin --licensetype ""workstation""--workstation --container ""ou=workstations,ou=unix"" --user [authorizedaduser] --verbose [domain.name] use specific domain controller join (e.g. dc1.hq.fabrikam.com) $ sudo adjoin --server dc1.hq.fabrikam.com global --container ""ou=servers,ou=unix"" --user [authorizedaduser] --verbose [domain.name] join mac workstation mode instruct centrify use apple algorighm generate uid/gid scheme $ sudo adjoin --enableappleidgenscheme --container ""ou=macs,ou=unix"" -- user [authorizedaduser] --verbose [domain.name] join ad provide different ""ad name"" local system name (e.g. adserver vs. localhost) $ sudo adjoin --name adserver --container ""ou=servers,ou=unix"" --user [authorizedaduser] --verbose [domain.name] join ad use keytab (kinit authorize ad user keytab first, run adjoin without --user option) $ env krb5_config=[/path/to/krb5.conf] /usr/share/centrifydc/kerberos/bin/kinit -kt /path/to/keytab [principal] $ sudo adjoin --zone global --container ""ou=servers,ou=unix"" --verbose [domain.name] leave active directory adleave - leave active directory domain adleave default disable computer account ad (if --remove option used) roll-back kerberos, pam nss configuration state prior run adjoin. run adjoin successfully, need: run adjoin successfully, need: root sudo (root-like) right ""online"" leave operation, need credentials authorize ad user (or keytab) leave domain disable computer object (orphan object leave behind) $ dzdo adleave --user [authorized adusername] leave domain remove computer object (frees license) $ dzdo adleave --user [authorized adusername] --remove offline/forced leave (no ad connectivity required, must clean-up ad) $ dzdo adleave --force privilege elevation (""dz"" commands) dzinfo - display information user's access control view self access (all) $ dzinfo view properties role(s), include effectiveness $ dzinfo --roles view access system (pam rights) $ dzinfo --pam view command run $ dzinfo --commands view computer roles apply system (requires elevation) $ dzinfo --computer-role view authorization information another user (requires elevation) $ dzdo dzinfo [user.name] test command role $ dzinfo --test [path/to/binary] [options] centrify-enhanced sudo dzdo - centrify-enhanced sudo. use centrify zone data ad commands, otherwise identical sudo. view version information (as 2015, base sudo 1.8.10p3) $ dzdo -v directaudit command (""da"" commands) dainfo - show information status audit agent view audit agent status $ dainfo view status verbose output $ dainfo --diag (or dadiag) view content configuration file $ dainfo --config view audit status another user (must elevate) view audit status another user (must elevate) $ dzdo dainfo --username lisa.simpson dacontrol - control status/configuration directaudit client (requires elevation) set installation (if set group policy) $ dzdo dacontrol --installation [installation-name] check audit agent enable $ dzdo dacontrol --query enable direct audit $ dzdo dacontrol --enable disable direct audit $ dzdo dacontrol --disable happen adjoin run succesfully activate directcontrol agent (adclient/centrifydc service). 1. create computer object ad set spns http, host, nfs, cifs, afpserver 2. establish secure communication channel system active directory 3. forest/domain/site map create locate nearest dcs 4. kerberos environment (krb5.conf, krb5.keytab) maintain centrify (configurable). backup created. 5. network time synchronize ad dcs (configurable) 6. pam (pluggable authentication modules) modify include centrify auth, account, password, session modules. back-up previous configuration made. 7. nss (name service switch) providers users group default ad first, methods (e.g. files, ldap, etc). backup previous configuration made. note: os x platform, pam/nss function channel via directory service plugin api. 8. access control model enforce depend zone mode: - zone mode (licensed): authorization (rbac) follow zone rule (defaults closed, authorize users access enable group visible) - express/workstation mode: authentication facilitated. system open ad users group visible. 9. privilege elevation: centrify-enhanced sudo (dzdo) become active base roles/rights defined. 10. user/group identity (rfc2307) data ad store within centrify zone, user/group object. 11. virtual registry initialize group policies enforced. happen adleave run succesfully 1. online --remove object: object ad remove container zone (frees license) 2. online without --remove object: object ad mark disabled. must ovewritten rejoin. 2. offline: object ad leave orphaned. cleanup must happen via api (am, powershell, adedit) 3. unix environment reset roll back (kerberos, pam, nss) 4. centrify adclient (centrifydc) service disabled. important locations /usr/share/centrifydc/ bin > contain user binaries, include centrify-enhanced openldap tool like ldapsearch sbin > contain system binaries, include adcert centrify-enhanced openssh sample > sample file hadoop, adedit local account management kerberos/bin > location centrify-provided mit kerberos tool kerberos/bin > location centrify-provided mit kerberos tool /etc/centrifydc centrifydc > config file directcontrol agent centrifyda > config file directaudit agent ssh > config file centrify-enhanced openssh"
485,a Drop Box Proxy," Monday, January 04, 2016 11:22 AM dropbox is not connecting in the DropBox network settings set the proxy to proxy.gmaccm.com and use port 8080 proxy.gmaccm.com ***please set proxy to ""auto-detect"" in dropbox app otherwise this can cause issues with site bandwidth issues.*** Subject Unlock Network Account - Request# BIT290781 From IT Support Services To Sent Robert Mignogna Wednesday, July 27, 2016 5:08 PM Request BIT290781 with the problem: Unlock Network Account, opened on 07/27/2016 17:07:32  (Eastern Standard Time) has been closed. Resolution: Network account locked. Unlocked Network Account.    ","[62, 2, 156, 782]",[398],"a Drop Box Proxy a Drop Box Proxy a Drop Box Proxy a Drop Box Proxy a Drop Box Proxy a Drop Box Proxy a Drop Box Proxy a Drop Box Proxy a Drop Box Proxy a Drop Box Proxy   Monday, January 04, 2016 11:22 AM dropbox is not connecting in the DropBox network settings set the proxy to proxy.gmaccm.com and use port 8080 proxy.gmaccm.com ***please set proxy to ""auto-detect"" in dropbox app otherwise this can cause issues with site bandwidth issues.*** Subject Unlock Network Account - Request# BIT290781 From IT Support Services To Sent Robert Mignogna Wednesday, July 27, 2016 5:08 PM Request BIT290781 with the problem: Unlock Network Account, opened on 07/27/2016 17:07:32  (Eastern Standard Time) has been closed. Resolution: Network account locked. Unlocked Network Account.    ","drop box proxy drop box proxy drop box proxy drop box proxy drop box proxy drop box proxy drop box proxy drop box proxy drop box proxy drop box proxy monday, january 04, 2016 11:22 dropbox connect dropbox network settings set proxy proxy.gmaccm.com use port 8080 proxy.gmaccm.com ***please set proxy ""auto-detect"" dropbox app otherwise cause issue site bandwidth issues.*** subject unlock network account - request# bit290781 support service send robert mignogna wednesday, july 27, 2016 5:08 pm request bit290781 problem: unlock network account, open 07/27/2016 17:07:32 (eastern standard time) closed. resolution: network account locked. unlock network account.","a Drop Box Proxy a Drop Box Proxy   Monday, January 04, 2016 11:22 AM dropbox is not connecting in the DropBox network settings set the proxy to proxy.gmaccm.com and use port 8080 proxy.gmaccm.com ***please set proxy to ""auto-detect"" in dropbox app otherwise this can cause issues with site bandwidth issues.*** Subject Unlock Network Account - Request# BIT290781 From IT Support Services To Sent Robert Mignogna Wednesday, July 27, 2016 5:08 PM Request BIT290781 with the problem: Unlock Network Account, opened on 07/27/2016 17:07:32  (Eastern Standard Time) has been closed. Resolution: Network account locked. Unlocked Network Account.    ","drop box proxy drop box proxy monday, january 04, 2016 11:22 dropbox connect dropbox network settings set proxy proxy.gmaccm.com use port 8080 proxy.gmaccm.com ***please set proxy ""auto-detect"" dropbox app otherwise cause issue site bandwidth issues.*** subject unlock network account - request# bit290781 support service send robert mignogna wednesday, july 27, 2016 5:08 pm request bit290781 problem: unlock network account, open 07/27/2016 17:07:32 (eastern standard time) closed. resolution: network account locked. unlock network account."
486,access it later.,    ,"[72, 0, 79, 9]",[156],access it later. access it later. access it later. access it later. access it later. access it later. access it later. access it later. access it later. access it later.      ,access later. access later. access later. access later. access later. access later. access later. access later. access later. access later.,access it later. access it later.      ,access later. access later.
487,adgpresult," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 10:48 AM First would be to access Terminal which can be done two different ways. Command + Space bar to bring up finder then type terminal Go> Utilites> Terminal To perform an Group policy update  Adgpupdate The adgpupdate command is the equivalent to the gpupdate command in Windows.  What it does is described  above.  usage: adgpupdate [options] options: -T, --target <Computer | User> -V, --verbose  -v, --version  -h, --help  Only refresh the computer or user policy (default both). Print debugging diagnostics to stderr. Print version information. Print this help text. Sample output: $ adgpupdate -V session opened Refreshing Computer Policy... Success Refreshing User Policy... User Policy disabled on this machine. To view the settings processed by group policy, inspect the gp.report file under  /var/centrifydc/reg/machine (and /user if the system is a Mac or if it was enabled for GNOME  policies) To perform GP Result Adgpresult In the 2015 version of the Centrify DirectControl agent (5.2.2), the adgpresult command has been  introduced.  This command works just like the Windows gpresult tool.  It shows all the group policies  processed locally by the agent in a very neat output. $ adgpresult --help usage: adgpresult [options] e.g. adgpresult -a or adgpresult -m -u uname1 -u uname2 ... options: -a, --all  -m, --machine  -u, --user <name>  -h, --help  Dump both gp settings for machine and current user. Default option if no option is given. Dump the machine's gp settings. Dump the specified user's gp settings. Print this help information and exit. From <http://centrifying.blogspot.in/2014/01/basics-using-group-policy-on-unixlinux.html>     ","[72, 0, 470, 251]",[650],"adgpresult adgpresult adgpresult adgpresult adgpresult adgpresult adgpresult adgpresult adgpresult adgpresult   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 10:48 AM First would be to access Terminal which can be done two different ways. Command + Space bar to bring up finder then type terminal Go> Utilites> Terminal To perform an Group policy update  Adgpupdate The adgpupdate command is the equivalent to the gpupdate command in Windows.  What it does is described  above.  usage: adgpupdate [options] options: -T, --target <Computer | User> -V, --verbose  -v, --version  -h, --help  Only refresh the computer or user policy (default both). Print debugging diagnostics to stderr. Print version information. Print this help text. Sample output: $ adgpupdate -V session opened Refreshing Computer Policy... Success Refreshing User Policy... User Policy disabled on this machine. To view the settings processed by group policy, inspect the gp.report file under  /var/centrifydc/reg/machine (and /user if the system is a Mac or if it was enabled for GNOME  policies) To perform GP Result Adgpresult In the 2015 version of the Centrify DirectControl agent (5.2.2), the adgpresult command has been  introduced.  This command works just like the Windows gpresult tool.  It shows all the group policies  processed locally by the agent in a very neat output. $ adgpresult --help usage: adgpresult [options] e.g. adgpresult -a or adgpresult -m -u uname1 -u uname2 ... options: -a, --all  -m, --machine  -u, --user <name>  -h, --help  Dump both gp settings for machine and current user. Default option if no option is given. Dump the machine's gp settings. Dump the specified user's gp settings. Print this help information and exit. From <http://centrifying.blogspot.in/2014/01/basics-using-group-policy-on-unixlinux.html>     ","adgpresult adgpresult adgpresult adgpresult adgpresult adgpresult adgpresult adgpresult adgpresult adgpresult tuesday, june 14, 2016 10:48 first would access terminal do two different ways. command + space bar bring finder type terminal go> utilites> terminal perform group policy update adgpupdate adgpupdate command equivalent gpupdate command windows. describe above. usage: adgpupdate [options] options: -t, --target <computer | user> -v, --verbose -v, --version -h, --help refresh computer user policy (default both). print debug diagnostics stderr. print version information. print help text. sample output: $ adgpupdate -v session open refresh computer policy... success refresh user policy... user policy disable machine. view settings process group policy, inspect gp.report file /var/centrifydc/reg/machine (and /user system mac enable gnome policies) perform gp result adgpresult 2015 version centrify directcontrol agent (5.2.2), adgpresult command introduced. command work like windows gpresult tool. show group policies process locally agent neat output. $ adgpresult --help usage: adgpresult [options] e.g. adgpresult -a adgpresult -m -u uname1 -u uname2 ... options: -a, --all -m, --machine -u, --user <name> -h, --help dump gp settings machine current user. default option option given. dump machine's gp settings. dump specify user's gp settings. print help information exit. <http://centrifying.blogspot.in/2014/01/basics-using-group-policy-on-unixlinux.html>","adgpresult adgpresult   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 10:48 AM First would be to access Terminal which can be done two different ways. Command + Space bar to bring up finder then type terminal Go> Utilites> Terminal To perform an Group policy update  Adgpupdate The adgpupdate command is the equivalent to the gpupdate command in Windows.  What it does is described  above.  usage: adgpupdate [options] options: -T, --target <Computer | User> -V, --verbose  -v, --version  -h, --help  Only refresh the computer or user policy (default both). Print debugging diagnostics to stderr. Print version information. Print this help text. Sample output: $ adgpupdate -V session opened Refreshing Computer Policy... Success Refreshing User Policy... User Policy disabled on this machine. To view the settings processed by group policy, inspect the gp.report file under  /var/centrifydc/reg/machine (and /user if the system is a Mac or if it was enabled for GNOME  policies) To perform GP Result Adgpresult In the 2015 version of the Centrify DirectControl agent (5.2.2), the adgpresult command has been  introduced.  This command works just like the Windows gpresult tool.  It shows all the group policies  processed locally by the agent in a very neat output. $ adgpresult --help usage: adgpresult [options] e.g. adgpresult -a or adgpresult -m -u uname1 -u uname2 ... options: -a, --all  -m, --machine  -u, --user <name>  -h, --help  Dump both gp settings for machine and current user. Default option if no option is given. Dump the machine's gp settings. Dump the specified user's gp settings. Print this help information and exit. From <http://centrifying.blogspot.in/2014/01/basics-using-group-policy-on-unixlinux.html>     ","adgpresult adgpresult tuesday, june 14, 2016 10:48 first would access terminal do two different ways. command + space bar bring finder type terminal go> utilites> terminal perform group policy update adgpupdate adgpupdate command equivalent gpupdate command windows. describe above. usage: adgpupdate [options] options: -t, --target <computer | user> -v, --verbose -v, --version -h, --help refresh computer user policy (default both). print debug diagnostics stderr. print version information. print help text. sample output: $ adgpupdate -v session open refresh computer policy... success refresh user policy... user policy disable machine. view settings process group policy, inspect gp.report file /var/centrifydc/reg/machine (and /user system mac enable gnome policies) perform gp result adgpresult 2015 version centrify directcontrol agent (5.2.2), adgpresult command introduced. command work like windows gpresult tool. show group policies process locally agent neat output. $ adgpresult --help usage: adgpresult [options] e.g. adgpresult -a adgpresult -m -u uname1 -u uname2 ... options: -a, --all -m, --machine -u, --user <name> -h, --help dump gp settings machine current user. default option option given. dump machine's gp settings. dump specify user's gp settings. print help information exit. <http://centrifying.blogspot.in/2014/01/basics-using-group-policy-on-unixlinux.html>"
488,adgpupdate," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 10:48 AM First would be to access Terminal which can be done two different ways. Command + Space bar to bring up finder then type terminal Go> Utilites> Terminal To perform an Group policy update  Adgpupdate The adgpupdate command is the equivalent to the gpupdate command in Windows.  What it does is described  above.  usage: adgpupdate [options] options: -T, --target <Computer | User> -V, --verbose  -v, --version  -h, --help  Only refresh the computer or user policy (default both). Print debugging diagnostics to stderr. Print version information. Print this help text. Sample output: $ adgpupdate -V session opened Refreshing Computer Policy... Success Refreshing User Policy... User Policy disabled on this machine. To view the settings processed by group policy, inspect the gp.report file under  /var/centrifydc/reg/machine (and /user if the system is a Mac or if it was enabled for GNOME  policies) To perform GP Result Adgpresult","[72, 285, 519, 533]",[650],"adgpupdate adgpupdate adgpupdate adgpupdate adgpupdate adgpupdate adgpupdate adgpupdate adgpupdate adgpupdate   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 10:48 AM First would be to access Terminal which can be done two different ways. Command + Space bar to bring up finder then type terminal Go> Utilites> Terminal To perform an Group policy update  Adgpupdate The adgpupdate command is the equivalent to the gpupdate command in Windows.  What it does is described  above.  usage: adgpupdate [options] options: -T, --target <Computer | User> -V, --verbose  -v, --version  -h, --help  Only refresh the computer or user policy (default both). Print debugging diagnostics to stderr. Print version information. Print this help text. Sample output: $ adgpupdate -V session opened Refreshing Computer Policy... Success Refreshing User Policy... User Policy disabled on this machine. To view the settings processed by group policy, inspect the gp.report file under  /var/centrifydc/reg/machine (and /user if the system is a Mac or if it was enabled for GNOME  policies) To perform GP Result Adgpresult","adgpupdate adgpupdate adgpupdate adgpupdate adgpupdate adgpupdate adgpupdate adgpupdate adgpupdate adgpupdate tuesday, june 14, 2016 10:48 first would access terminal do two different ways. command + space bar bring finder type terminal go> utilites> terminal perform group policy update adgpupdate adgpupdate command equivalent gpupdate command windows. describe above. usage: adgpupdate [options] options: -t, --target <computer | user> -v, --verbose -v, --version -h, --help refresh computer user policy (default both). print debug diagnostics stderr. print version information. print help text. sample output: $ adgpupdate -v session open refresh computer policy... success refresh user policy... user policy disable machine. view settings process group policy, inspect gp.report file /var/centrifydc/reg/machine (and /user system mac enable gnome policies) perform gp result adgpresult","adgpupdate adgpupdate   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 10:48 AM First would be to access Terminal which can be done two different ways. Command + Space bar to bring up finder then type terminal Go> Utilites> Terminal To perform an Group policy update  Adgpupdate The adgpupdate command is the equivalent to the gpupdate command in Windows.  What it does is described  above.  usage: adgpupdate [options] options: -T, --target <Computer | User> -V, --verbose  -v, --version  -h, --help  Only refresh the computer or user policy (default both). Print debugging diagnostics to stderr. Print version information. Print this help text. Sample output: $ adgpupdate -V session opened Refreshing Computer Policy... Success Refreshing User Policy... User Policy disabled on this machine. To view the settings processed by group policy, inspect the gp.report file under  /var/centrifydc/reg/machine (and /user if the system is a Mac or if it was enabled for GNOME  policies) To perform GP Result Adgpresult","adgpupdate adgpupdate tuesday, june 14, 2016 10:48 first would access terminal do two different ways. command + space bar bring finder type terminal go> utilites> terminal perform group policy update adgpupdate adgpupdate command equivalent gpupdate command windows. describe above. usage: adgpupdate [options] options: -t, --target <computer | user> -v, --verbose -v, --version -h, --help refresh computer user policy (default both). print debug diagnostics stderr. print version information. print help text. sample output: $ adgpupdate -v session open refresh computer policy... success refresh user policy... user policy disable machine. view settings process group policy, inspect gp.report file /var/centrifydc/reg/machine (and /user system mac enable gnome policies) perform gp result adgpresult"
489,arrow in the top right of the screen.,    ,"[72, 0, 79, 9]",[152],arrow in the top right of the screen. arrow in the top right of the screen. arrow in the top right of the screen. arrow in the top right of the screen. arrow in the top right of the screen. arrow in the top right of the screen. arrow in the top right of the screen. arrow in the top right of the screen. arrow in the top right of the screen. arrow in the top right of the screen.      ,arrow top right screen. arrow top right screen. arrow top right screen. arrow top right screen. arrow top right screen. arrow top right screen. arrow top right screen. arrow top right screen. arrow top right screen. arrow top right screen.,arrow in the top right of the screen. arrow in the top right of the screen.      ,arrow top right screen. arrow top right screen.
490,bcmguest," Thursday, April 26, 2018 4:36 PM ***To be written***    ","[72, 0, 170, 775]",[839],"bcmguest bcmguest bcmguest bcmguest bcmguest bcmguest bcmguest bcmguest bcmguest bcmguest   Thursday, April 26, 2018 4:36 PM ***To be written***    ","bcmguest bcmguest bcmguest bcmguest bcmguest bcmguest bcmguest bcmguest bcmguest bcmguest thursday, april 26, 2018 4:36 pm ***to written***","bcmguest bcmguest   Thursday, April 26, 2018 4:36 PM ***To be written***    ","bcmguest bcmguest thursday, april 26, 2018 4:36 pm ***to written***"
491,computer name. ,    ,"[72, 0, 79, 9]",[158],computer name.  computer name.  computer name.  computer name.  computer name.  computer name.  computer name.  computer name.  computer name.  computer name.       ,computer name. computer name. computer name. computer name. computer name. computer name. computer name. computer name. computer name. computer name.,computer name.  computer name.       ,computer name. computer name.
492,desktop.,    ,"[72, 0, 79, 9]",[157],desktop. desktop. desktop. desktop. desktop. desktop. desktop. desktop. desktop. desktop.      ,desktop. desktop. desktop. desktop. desktop. desktop. desktop. desktop. desktop. desktop.,desktop. desktop.      ,desktop. desktop.
493,iOS Registration (MDM)," Thursday, May 31, 2018 3:37 PM 1. Add the user account to appropriate Intune AD group(s) 2. Intune Pilot Users - Applies Intune A Direct license, EOL Conditional Access policy and  Featured/Required Apps Intune - iOS - Applies Compliance and MAM policy to managed iOS apps Intune - iOS WiFi (optional - must be fully enrolled) - Installs the required CA certs for WiFi and  configures CorpMDN WiFi profile Enable Intune A Direct license for user in Office365 Portal - https://portal.office.com NOTE: This is done via group assignment now. All members of the Intune Pilot Users group will  receive the Intune A direct license once synced to AAD. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. Force manual AD sync to Azure via AD Connect - Azure AD Connect (must be performed by the  server team) Make sure the user has their Apple ID password as they may be prompted during the install for  Outlook and Authenticator Instruct the user to install the Intune Company Portal app from the AppStore Retire device from MobileIron (if applicable) Remove ActiveSync connection from MobileIron (if applicable) Remove MobileIron and related apps from the device (if applicable) Launch the Company Portal app Click Sign in 11. Enter your UPN (e.g. username@berkadia.com) and click Next     11. Enter your UPN (e.g. username@berkadia.com) and click Next 12. When prompted by ADFS, enter your UPN (e.g. username@berkadia.com) and network password  and click Sign In 13. Click Begin to start the MDM enrollment process     14. Click Continue 15. 16. 17. Click Next Click Allow Click Install     18. Enter device PIN/passcode when prompted. If the device does not already have a PIN/passcode  configured, you will be prompted to create one. 19. Click Install     20. Click Install 21. 22. 23. 24. 25. 26. 27. 28. Click Trust Click Done Click Manage (Company Portal) Click Install (Authenticator and Outlook). If you already have Authenticator and/or Outlook, you will  not receive prompts to install them. Authenticator and Outlook are required apps, meaning they  will force the user to install them during the enrollment process. Click Open Click Continue Allow the device to confirm settings Click Done     28. 29. 30. 31. 32. 33. 34. 35. 36. 37. 38. 39. Click Done Your device is now fully enrolled. You can click the Featured Apps tile in order to download common  apps, such as Outlook, Excel and Word. These apps can also be downloaded and installed via the  AppStore. Launch the Outlook app Click Get Started Choose Notification Preference Enter or select your Office 365 account When you receive the message below, click OK and allow Outlook to close Open Outlook to confirm email sync If you do not wish to use the Focused Inbox, you can disable this feature under Outlook  settings. You can set your signature, swipe and notifications options here as well. If you rely on your Outlook contacts, you may want to sync those contacts to your phone's contacts  app Click your Office 365 account Click the slider next to Save Contacts From <https://onenote.officeapps.live.com/o/onenoteframe.aspx?ui=en%2DUS&rs=en%2DUS&WOPISrc=https%3A%2F% 2Fberkadia%2Esharepoint%2Ecom%2FO365%2DResources%2F%5Fvti%5Fbin%2Fwopi%2Eashx%2Ffolders% 2Fc42d5de607df48c89a5f3cf333bdae3e&wdEnableRoaming=1&wdFR=1&mscc=1&hid=179e6c9e-e0ae-5000- a5c9-82d8e9ced377>     ","[50, 0, 50, 775]","[78, 83]","iOS Registration (MDM) iOS Registration (MDM) iOS Registration (MDM) iOS Registration (MDM) iOS Registration (MDM) iOS Registration (MDM) iOS Registration (MDM) iOS Registration (MDM) iOS Registration (MDM) iOS Registration (MDM)   Thursday, May 31, 2018 3:37 PM 1. Add the user account to appropriate Intune AD group(s) 2. Intune Pilot Users - Applies Intune A Direct license, EOL Conditional Access policy and  Featured/Required Apps Intune - iOS - Applies Compliance and MAM policy to managed iOS apps Intune - iOS WiFi (optional - must be fully enrolled) - Installs the required CA certs for WiFi and  configures CorpMDN WiFi profile Enable Intune A Direct license for user in Office365 Portal - https://portal.office.com NOTE: This is done via group assignment now. All members of the Intune Pilot Users group will  receive the Intune A direct license once synced to AAD. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. Force manual AD sync to Azure via AD Connect - Azure AD Connect (must be performed by the  server team) Make sure the user has their Apple ID password as they may be prompted during the install for  Outlook and Authenticator Instruct the user to install the Intune Company Portal app from the AppStore Retire device from MobileIron (if applicable) Remove ActiveSync connection from MobileIron (if applicable) Remove MobileIron and related apps from the device (if applicable) Launch the Company Portal app Click Sign in 11. Enter your UPN (e.g. username@berkadia.com) and click Next     11. Enter your UPN (e.g. username@berkadia.com) and click Next 12. When prompted by ADFS, enter your UPN (e.g. username@berkadia.com) and network password  and click Sign In 13. Click Begin to start the MDM enrollment process     14. Click Continue 15. 16. 17. Click Next Click Allow Click Install     18. Enter device PIN/passcode when prompted. If the device does not already have a PIN/passcode  configured, you will be prompted to create one. 19. Click Install     20. Click Install 21. 22. 23. 24. 25. 26. 27. 28. Click Trust Click Done Click Manage (Company Portal) Click Install (Authenticator and Outlook). If you already have Authenticator and/or Outlook, you will  not receive prompts to install them. Authenticator and Outlook are required apps, meaning they  will force the user to install them during the enrollment process. Click Open Click Continue Allow the device to confirm settings Click Done     28. 29. 30. 31. 32. 33. 34. 35. 36. 37. 38. 39. Click Done Your device is now fully enrolled. You can click the Featured Apps tile in order to download common  apps, such as Outlook, Excel and Word. These apps can also be downloaded and installed via the  AppStore. Launch the Outlook app Click Get Started Choose Notification Preference Enter or select your Office 365 account When you receive the message below, click OK and allow Outlook to close Open Outlook to confirm email sync If you do not wish to use the Focused Inbox, you can disable this feature under Outlook  settings. You can set your signature, swipe and notifications options here as well. If you rely on your Outlook contacts, you may want to sync those contacts to your phone's contacts  app Click your Office 365 account Click the slider next to Save Contacts From <https://onenote.officeapps.live.com/o/onenoteframe.aspx?ui=en%2DUS&rs=en%2DUS&WOPISrc=https%3A%2F% 2Fberkadia%2Esharepoint%2Ecom%2FO365%2DResources%2F%5Fvti%5Fbin%2Fwopi%2Eashx%2Ffolders% 2Fc42d5de607df48c89a5f3cf333bdae3e&wdEnableRoaming=1&wdFR=1&mscc=1&hid=179e6c9e-e0ae-5000- a5c9-82d8e9ced377>     ","ios registration (mdm) ios registration (mdm) ios registration (mdm) ios registration (mdm) ios registration (mdm) ios registration (mdm) ios registration (mdm) ios registration (mdm) ios registration (mdm) ios registration (mdm) thursday, may 31, 2018 3:37 pm 1. add user account appropriate intune ad group(s) 2. intune pilot users - apply intune direct license, eol conditional access policy featured/required apps intune - ios - apply compliance mam policy manage ios apps intune - ios wifi (optional - must fully enrolled) - install require ca certs wifi configure corpmdn wifi profile enable intune direct license user office365 portal - https://portal.office.com note: do via group assignment now. members intune pilot users group receive intune direct license sync aad. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. force manual ad sync azure via ad connect - azure ad connect (must perform server team) make sure user apple id password may prompt install outlook authenticator instruct user install intune company portal app appstore retire device mobileiron (if applicable) remove activesync connection mobileiron (if applicable) remove mobileiron relate apps device (if applicable) launch company portal app click sign 11. enter upn (e.g. username@berkadia.com) click next 11. enter upn (e.g. username@berkadia.com) click next 12. prompt adfs, enter upn (e.g. username@berkadia.com) network password click sign 13. click begin start mdm enrollment process 14. click continue 15. 16. 17. click next click allow click install 18. enter device pin/passcode prompted. device already pin/passcode configured, prompt create one. 19. click install 20. click install 21. 22. 23. 24. 25. 26. 27. 28. click trust click do click manage (company portal) click install (authenticator outlook). already authenticator and/or outlook, receive prompt install them. authenticator outlook require apps, mean force user install enrollment process. click open click continue allow device confirm settings click do 28. 29. 30. 31. 32. 33. 34. 35. 36. 37. 38. 39. click do device fully enrolled. click feature apps tile order download common apps, outlook, excel word. apps also download instal via appstore. launch outlook app click get start choose notification preference enter select office 365 account receive message below, click ok allow outlook close open outlook confirm email sync wish use focus inbox, disable feature outlook settings. set signature, swipe notifications options well. rely outlook contacts, may want sync contact phone's contact app click office 365 account click slider next save contact <https://onenote.officeapps.live.com/o/onenoteframe.aspxui=en%2dus&rs=en%2dus&wopisrc=https%3a%2f% 2fberkadia%2esharepoint%2ecom%2fo365%2dresources%2f%5fvti%5fbin%2fwopi%2eashx%2ffolders% 2fc42d5de607df48c89a5f3cf333bdae3e&wdenableroaming=1&wdfr=1&mscc=1&hid=179e6c9e-e0ae-5000- a5c9-82d8e9ced377>","iOS Registration (MDM) iOS Registration (MDM)   Thursday, May 31, 2018 3:37 PM 1. Add the user account to appropriate Intune AD group(s) 2. Intune Pilot Users - Applies Intune A Direct license, EOL Conditional Access policy and  Featured/Required Apps Intune - iOS - Applies Compliance and MAM policy to managed iOS apps Intune - iOS WiFi (optional - must be fully enrolled) - Installs the required CA certs for WiFi and  configures CorpMDN WiFi profile Enable Intune A Direct license for user in Office365 Portal - https://portal.office.com NOTE: This is done via group assignment now. All members of the Intune Pilot Users group will  receive the Intune A direct license once synced to AAD. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. Force manual AD sync to Azure via AD Connect - Azure AD Connect (must be performed by the  server team) Make sure the user has their Apple ID password as they may be prompted during the install for  Outlook and Authenticator Instruct the user to install the Intune Company Portal app from the AppStore Retire device from MobileIron (if applicable) Remove ActiveSync connection from MobileIron (if applicable) Remove MobileIron and related apps from the device (if applicable) Launch the Company Portal app Click Sign in 11. Enter your UPN (e.g. username@berkadia.com) and click Next     11. Enter your UPN (e.g. username@berkadia.com) and click Next 12. When prompted by ADFS, enter your UPN (e.g. username@berkadia.com) and network password  and click Sign In 13. Click Begin to start the MDM enrollment process     14. Click Continue 15. 16. 17. Click Next Click Allow Click Install     18. Enter device PIN/passcode when prompted. If the device does not already have a PIN/passcode  configured, you will be prompted to create one. 19. Click Install     20. Click Install 21. 22. 23. 24. 25. 26. 27. 28. Click Trust Click Done Click Manage (Company Portal) Click Install (Authenticator and Outlook). If you already have Authenticator and/or Outlook, you will  not receive prompts to install them. Authenticator and Outlook are required apps, meaning they  will force the user to install them during the enrollment process. Click Open Click Continue Allow the device to confirm settings Click Done     28. 29. 30. 31. 32. 33. 34. 35. 36. 37. 38. 39. Click Done Your device is now fully enrolled. You can click the Featured Apps tile in order to download common  apps, such as Outlook, Excel and Word. These apps can also be downloaded and installed via the  AppStore. Launch the Outlook app Click Get Started Choose Notification Preference Enter or select your Office 365 account When you receive the message below, click OK and allow Outlook to close Open Outlook to confirm email sync If you do not wish to use the Focused Inbox, you can disable this feature under Outlook  settings. You can set your signature, swipe and notifications options here as well. If you rely on your Outlook contacts, you may want to sync those contacts to your phone's contacts  app Click your Office 365 account Click the slider next to Save Contacts From <https://onenote.officeapps.live.com/o/onenoteframe.aspx?ui=en%2DUS&rs=en%2DUS&WOPISrc=https%3A%2F% 2Fberkadia%2Esharepoint%2Ecom%2FO365%2DResources%2F%5Fvti%5Fbin%2Fwopi%2Eashx%2Ffolders% 2Fc42d5de607df48c89a5f3cf333bdae3e&wdEnableRoaming=1&wdFR=1&mscc=1&hid=179e6c9e-e0ae-5000- a5c9-82d8e9ced377>     ","ios registration (mdm) ios registration (mdm) thursday, may 31, 2018 3:37 pm 1. add user account appropriate intune ad group(s) 2. intune pilot users - apply intune direct license, eol conditional access policy featured/required apps intune - ios - apply compliance mam policy manage ios apps intune - ios wifi (optional - must fully enrolled) - install require ca certs wifi configure corpmdn wifi profile enable intune direct license user office365 portal - https://portal.office.com note: do via group assignment now. members intune pilot users group receive intune direct license sync aad. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. force manual ad sync azure via ad connect - azure ad connect (must perform server team) make sure user apple id password may prompt install outlook authenticator instruct user install intune company portal app appstore retire device mobileiron (if applicable) remove activesync connection mobileiron (if applicable) remove mobileiron relate apps device (if applicable) launch company portal app click sign 11. enter upn (e.g. username@berkadia.com) click next 11. enter upn (e.g. username@berkadia.com) click next 12. prompt adfs, enter upn (e.g. username@berkadia.com) network password click sign 13. click begin start mdm enrollment process 14. click continue 15. 16. 17. click next click allow click install 18. enter device pin/passcode prompted. device already pin/passcode configured, prompt create one. 19. click install 20. click install 21. 22. 23. 24. 25. 26. 27. 28. click trust click do click manage (company portal) click install (authenticator outlook). already authenticator and/or outlook, receive prompt install them. authenticator outlook require apps, mean force user install enrollment process. click open click continue allow device confirm settings click do 28. 29. 30. 31. 32. 33. 34. 35. 36. 37. 38. 39. click do device fully enrolled. click feature apps tile order download common apps, outlook, excel word. apps also download instal via appstore. launch outlook app click get start choose notification preference enter select office 365 account receive message below, click ok allow outlook close open outlook confirm email sync wish use focus inbox, disable feature outlook settings. set signature, swipe notifications options well. rely outlook contacts, may want sync contact phone's contact app click office 365 account click slider next save contact <https://onenote.officeapps.live.com/o/onenoteframe.aspxui=en%2dus&rs=en%2dus&wopisrc=https%3a%2f% 2fberkadia%2esharepoint%2ecom%2fo365%2dresources%2f%5fvti%5fbin%2fwopi%2eashx%2ffolders% 2fc42d5de607df48c89a5f3cf333bdae3e&wdenableroaming=1&wdfr=1&mscc=1&hid=179e6c9e-e0ae-5000- a5c9-82d8e9ced377>"
494,iSeries Access," Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:24 AM Go to your Start menu – All Programs – IBM iSeries Acess for Windows – Emulator – Start  or Configure Session Click New Session On the next screen, change the system name to S104LM4M in the dropdown and press ok  below.      below. Once the Green Screen opens up, go right to the File menu and select save as. Save the  session on the desktop as the default extension and change the prefix of the file to McCracken  (see below)    ","[72, 0, 72, 669]","[407, 408]","iSeries Access iSeries Access iSeries Access iSeries Access iSeries Access iSeries Access iSeries Access iSeries Access iSeries Access iSeries Access   Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:24 AM Go to your Start menu – All Programs – IBM iSeries Acess for Windows – Emulator – Start  or Configure Session Click New Session On the next screen, change the system name to S104LM4M in the dropdown and press ok  below.      below. Once the Green Screen opens up, go right to the File menu and select save as. Save the  session on the desktop as the default extension and change the prefix of the file to McCracken  (see below)    ","iseries access iseries access iseries access iseries access iseries access iseries access iseries access iseries access iseries access iseries access thursday, december 13, 2012 11:24 go start menu – program – ibm iseries ace windows – emulator – start configure session click new session next screen, change system name s104lm4m dropdown press ok below. below. green screen open up, go right file menu select save as. save session desktop default extension change prefix file mccracken (see below)","iSeries Access iSeries Access   Thursday, December 13, 2012 11:24 AM Go to your Start menu – All Programs – IBM iSeries Acess for Windows – Emulator – Start  or Configure Session Click New Session On the next screen, change the system name to S104LM4M in the dropdown and press ok  below.      below. Once the Green Screen opens up, go right to the File menu and select save as. Save the  session on the desktop as the default extension and change the prefix of the file to McCracken  (see below)    ","iseries access iseries access thursday, december 13, 2012 11:24 go start menu – program – ibm iseries ace windows – emulator – start configure session click new session next screen, change system name s104lm4m dropdown press ok below. below. green screen open up, go right file menu select save as. save session desktop default extension change prefix file mccracken (see below)"
495,install a specific version of macOS before proceeding with setup.," Tuesday, August 07, 2018 8:10 AM There are a few scenarios where you'll need to completely erase and repartition a hard drive on a Mac. Unbox new MacBook Plug in charger Insert Imaging drive (if the unit is new in box, it will be a USB C model, you’ll need an adapter) While Holding down the option key, press and hold the power button for 3-5 seconds and release only the power button.  Continue holding the option key until you see a choice of boot options. Select “Install macOS High Sierra.      Select Language-> Select Disk Utility->Continue Select “Macintosh HD” in the upper left hand corner->select erase      Leave name defaulted as Macintosh HD->Leave drive file system type as APFS->click Erase Click Done-> Close disk utility window->       The drive is now prepped to install macOS. The last step is deleting any computer objects for the Mac under your SCCM  console. You can then select ""Install macOS"" on the prior window if you're ready to proceed.      See ""Installing mac OS Sierra"" for further instructions on installation","[111, 522, 63, 662]","[509, 513]","install a specific version of macOS before proceeding with setup. install a specific version of macOS before proceeding with setup. install a specific version of macOS before proceeding with setup. install a specific version of macOS before proceeding with setup. install a specific version of macOS before proceeding with setup. install a specific version of macOS before proceeding with setup. install a specific version of macOS before proceeding with setup. install a specific version of macOS before proceeding with setup. install a specific version of macOS before proceeding with setup. install a specific version of macOS before proceeding with setup.   Tuesday, August 07, 2018 8:10 AM There are a few scenarios where you'll need to completely erase and repartition a hard drive on a Mac. Unbox new MacBook Plug in charger Insert Imaging drive (if the unit is new in box, it will be a USB C model, you’ll need an adapter) While Holding down the option key, press and hold the power button for 3-5 seconds and release only the power button.  Continue holding the option key until you see a choice of boot options. Select “Install macOS High Sierra.      Select Language-> Select Disk Utility->Continue Select “Macintosh HD” in the upper left hand corner->select erase      Leave name defaulted as Macintosh HD->Leave drive file system type as APFS->click Erase Click Done-> Close disk utility window->       The drive is now prepped to install macOS. The last step is deleting any computer objects for the Mac under your SCCM  console. You can then select ""Install macOS"" on the prior window if you're ready to proceed.      See ""Installing mac OS Sierra"" for further instructions on installation","install specific version macos proceed setup. install specific version macos proceed setup. install specific version macos proceed setup. install specific version macos proceed setup. install specific version macos proceed setup. install specific version macos proceed setup. install specific version macos proceed setup. install specific version macos proceed setup. install specific version macos proceed setup. install specific version macos proceed setup. tuesday, august 07, 2018 8:10 scenarios need completely erase repartition hard drive mac. unbox new macbook plug charger insert image drive (if unit new box, usb c model, you’ll need adapter) hold option key, press hold power button 3-5 second release power button. continue hold option key see choice boot options. select “install macos high sierra. select language-> select disk utility->continue select “macintosh hd” upper leave hand corner->select erase leave name default macintosh hd->leave drive file system type apfs->click erase click done-> close disk utility window-> drive prepped install macos. last step delete computer object mac sccm console. select ""install macos"" prior window ready proceed. see ""installing mac os sierra"" instructions installation","install a specific version of macOS before proceeding with setup. install a specific version of macOS before proceeding with setup.   Tuesday, August 07, 2018 8:10 AM There are a few scenarios where you'll need to completely erase and repartition a hard drive on a Mac. Unbox new MacBook Plug in charger Insert Imaging drive (if the unit is new in box, it will be a USB C model, you’ll need an adapter) While Holding down the option key, press and hold the power button for 3-5 seconds and release only the power button.  Continue holding the option key until you see a choice of boot options. Select “Install macOS High Sierra.      Select Language-> Select Disk Utility->Continue Select “Macintosh HD” in the upper left hand corner->select erase      Leave name defaulted as Macintosh HD->Leave drive file system type as APFS->click Erase Click Done-> Close disk utility window->       The drive is now prepped to install macOS. The last step is deleting any computer objects for the Mac under your SCCM  console. You can then select ""Install macOS"" on the prior window if you're ready to proceed.      See ""Installing mac OS Sierra"" for further instructions on installation","install specific version macos proceed setup. install specific version macos proceed setup. tuesday, august 07, 2018 8:10 scenarios need completely erase repartition hard drive mac. unbox new macbook plug charger insert image drive (if unit new box, usb c model, you’ll need adapter) hold option key, press hold power button 3-5 second release power button. continue hold option key see choice boot options. select “install macos high sierra. select language-> select disk utility->continue select “macintosh hd” upper leave hand corner->select erase leave name default macintosh hd->leave drive file system type apfs->click erase click done-> close disk utility window-> drive prepped install macos. last step delete computer object mac sccm console. select ""install macos"" prior window ready proceed. see ""installing mac os sierra"" instructions installation"
496,mac_integration_basics_1011," Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM  Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM         ","[62, 2, 62, 779]","[595, 596]","mac_integration_basics_1011 mac_integration_basics_1011 mac_integration_basics_1011 mac_integration_basics_1011 mac_integration_basics_1011 mac_integration_basics_1011 mac_integration_basics_1011 mac_integration_basics_1011 mac_integration_basics_1011 mac_integration_basics_1011   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM  Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM         ","mac_integration_basics_1011 mac_integration_basics_1011 mac_integration_basics_1011 mac_integration_basics_1011 mac_integration_basics_1011 mac_integration_basics_1011 mac_integration_basics_1011 mac_integration_basics_1011 mac_integration_basics_1011 mac_integration_basics_1011 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:04 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:04","mac_integration_basics_1011 mac_integration_basics_1011   Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM  Tuesday, June 14, 2016 11:04 AM         ","mac_integration_basics_1011 mac_integration_basics_1011 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:04 tuesday, june 14, 2016 11:04"
497,p][0-0-0-\=======]0[--=0[]0[---------," Tuesday, June 05, 2018 12:52 PM    ","[72, 0, 166, 775]",[161],"p][0-0-0-\=======]0[--=0[]0[--------- p][0-0-0-\=======]0[--=0[]0[--------- p][0-0-0-\=======]0[--=0[]0[--------- p][0-0-0-\=======]0[--=0[]0[--------- p][0-0-0-\=======]0[--=0[]0[--------- p][0-0-0-\=======]0[--=0[]0[--------- p][0-0-0-\=======]0[--=0[]0[--------- p][0-0-0-\=======]0[--=0[]0[--------- p][0-0-0-\=======]0[--=0[]0[--------- p][0-0-0-\=======]0[--=0[]0[---------   Tuesday, June 05, 2018 12:52 PM    ","p][0-0-0-\=======]0[--=0[]0[--------- p][0-0-0-\=======]0[--=0[]0[--------- p][0-0-0-\=======]0[--=0[]0[--------- p][0-0-0-\=======]0[--=0[]0[--------- p][0-0-0-\=======]0[--=0[]0[--------- p][0-0-0-\=======]0[--=0[]0[--------- p][0-0-0-\=======]0[--=0[]0[--------- p][0-0-0-\=======]0[--=0[]0[--------- p][0-0-0-\=======]0[--=0[]0[--------- p][0-0-0-\=======]0[--=0[]0[--------- tuesday, june 05, 2018 12:52 pm","p][0-0-0-\=======]0[--=0[]0[--------- p][0-0-0-\=======]0[--=0[]0[---------   Tuesday, June 05, 2018 12:52 PM    ","p][0-0-0-\=======]0[--=0[]0[--------- p][0-0-0-\=======]0[--=0[]0[--------- tuesday, june 05, 2018 12:52 pm"
498,permissions for:," Monday, December 10, 2012 2:12 PM Click the Outlook TOOLS menu and select EMAIL ACCOUNTS      Be sure that Microsoft Exchange Server is highlighted and click CHANGE Select More Settings","[126, 216, 72, 696]","[314, 315]","permissions for: permissions for: permissions for: permissions for: permissions for: permissions for: permissions for: permissions for: permissions for: permissions for:   Monday, December 10, 2012 2:12 PM Click the Outlook TOOLS menu and select EMAIL ACCOUNTS      Be sure that Microsoft Exchange Server is highlighted and click CHANGE Select More Settings","permissions for: permissions for: permissions for: permissions for: permissions for: permissions for: permissions for: permissions for: permissions for: permissions for: monday, december 10, 2012 2:12 pm click outlook tool menu select email account sure microsoft exchange server highlight click change select settings","permissions for: permissions for:   Monday, December 10, 2012 2:12 PM Click the Outlook TOOLS menu and select EMAIL ACCOUNTS      Be sure that Microsoft Exchange Server is highlighted and click CHANGE Select More Settings","permissions for: permissions for: monday, december 10, 2012 2:12 pm click outlook tool menu select email account sure microsoft exchange server highlight click change select settings"
499,redIQ Operations," Monday, July 30, 2018 9:50 AM You may receive calls from our users who have issues with a redIQ site or service. Inquiries should be  sent to: support@rediq.io Reference: BIT427197    ","[72, 0, 162, 775]",[214],"redIQ Operations redIQ Operations redIQ Operations redIQ Operations redIQ Operations redIQ Operations redIQ Operations redIQ Operations redIQ Operations redIQ Operations   Monday, July 30, 2018 9:50 AM You may receive calls from our users who have issues with a redIQ site or service. Inquiries should be  sent to: support@rediq.io Reference: BIT427197    ","rediq operations rediq operations rediq operations rediq operations rediq operations rediq operations rediq operations rediq operations rediq operations rediq operations monday, july 30, 2018 9:50 may receive call users issue rediq site service. inquiries send to: support@rediq.io reference: bit427197","redIQ Operations redIQ Operations   Monday, July 30, 2018 9:50 AM You may receive calls from our users who have issues with a redIQ site or service. Inquiries should be  sent to: support@rediq.io Reference: BIT427197    ","rediq operations rediq operations monday, july 30, 2018 9:50 may receive call users issue rediq site service. inquiries send to: support@rediq.io reference: bit427197"
500,redIQ Users," Monday, January 8, 2018 3:58 PM redIQ is an external partner division of Berkadia that's based in New York. They have their own  separate gmail/gsuite for their work that we have migrated to our O365 environment. Their  Berkadia laptops are joined to our domain with DirectAccess connection and Forticlient VPN as  backup. Notice from Bill Cancel:  With RedIQ fully migrated to O365 Please see below so that all are clear for how this works.  Their Berkadia AD Accounts / Emails will be set up just like every other user is.  Once their AD information is completed in AD an Address policy will add their rediq.io SMTP address  as firstname@rediq.io and set that as their default reply to.  Each rediq user needs to be part of the ‘No Email Signature’ group so their Berkadia Signature does  not get applied to their account when sending mail. Logging into O365 works just like every user username@berkadia.com    ","[72, 0, 173, 775]",[212],"redIQ Users redIQ Users redIQ Users redIQ Users redIQ Users redIQ Users redIQ Users redIQ Users redIQ Users redIQ Users   Monday, January 8, 2018 3:58 PM redIQ is an external partner division of Berkadia that's based in New York. They have their own  separate gmail/gsuite for their work that we have migrated to our O365 environment. Their  Berkadia laptops are joined to our domain with DirectAccess connection and Forticlient VPN as  backup. Notice from Bill Cancel:  With RedIQ fully migrated to O365 Please see below so that all are clear for how this works.  Their Berkadia AD Accounts / Emails will be set up just like every other user is.  Once their AD information is completed in AD an Address policy will add their rediq.io SMTP address  as firstname@rediq.io and set that as their default reply to.  Each rediq user needs to be part of the ‘No Email Signature’ group so their Berkadia Signature does  not get applied to their account when sending mail. Logging into O365 works just like every user username@berkadia.com    ","rediq users rediq users rediq users rediq users rediq users rediq users rediq users rediq users rediq users rediq users monday, january 8, 2018 3:58 pm rediq external partner division berkadia that's base new york. separate gmail/gsuite work migrate o365 environment. berkadia laptops join domain directaccess connection forticlient vpn backup. notice bill cancel: rediq fully migrate o365 please see clear works. berkadia ad account / email set like every user is. ad information complete ad address policy add rediq.io smtp address firstname@rediq.io set default reply to. rediq user need part ‘no email signature’ group berkadia signature get apply account send mail. log o365 work like every user username@berkadia.com","redIQ Users redIQ Users   Monday, January 8, 2018 3:58 PM redIQ is an external partner division of Berkadia that's based in New York. They have their own  separate gmail/gsuite for their work that we have migrated to our O365 environment. Their  Berkadia laptops are joined to our domain with DirectAccess connection and Forticlient VPN as  backup. Notice from Bill Cancel:  With RedIQ fully migrated to O365 Please see below so that all are clear for how this works.  Their Berkadia AD Accounts / Emails will be set up just like every other user is.  Once their AD information is completed in AD an Address policy will add their rediq.io SMTP address  as firstname@rediq.io and set that as their default reply to.  Each rediq user needs to be part of the ‘No Email Signature’ group so their Berkadia Signature does  not get applied to their account when sending mail. Logging into O365 works just like every user username@berkadia.com    ","rediq users rediq users monday, january 8, 2018 3:58 pm rediq external partner division berkadia that's base new york. separate gmail/gsuite work migrate o365 environment. berkadia laptops join domain directaccess connection forticlient vpn backup. notice bill cancel: rediq fully migrate o365 please see clear works. berkadia ad account / email set like every user is. ad information complete ad address policy add rediq.io smtp address firstname@rediq.io set default reply to. rediq user need part ‘no email signature’ group berkadia signature get apply account send mail. log o365 work like every user username@berkadia.com"
501,running Windows 10," Monday, April 30, 2018 2:35 PM THIS DOCUMENTATION PROVIDES THE STEPS TO UPDATE THE TPM FIRMWARE ON A 9480M  LAPTOP RUNNING THE WINDOWS 10 OPERATING SYSTEM ****THIS PROCEDURE CAN NOT BE COMPLETED ON A COMPUTER THAT IS ENCRYPTED, DO NOT  ATTEMPT THIS UPGRADE UNLESS THE COMPUTER HAS BEEN COMPLETELY DECRYPTED**** **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** Set registry key 'HKLM\Software\Policies\Microsoft\TPM' [REG_DWORD] 'OSManagedAuthLevel' to  4  (Make note of what Auth level was set to as you need to change it back later on in this process) Make sure BIOS is up to date Reboot laptop and press [F10] to access the BIOS Under the Security tab click Setup BIOS Administrator Password      Enter 12345678 and hit [ENTER]      Repeat this step to confirm - Enter 12345678 and hit [ENTER] Scroll down and click on TPM Embedded Security Click Yes where it says TPM Reset to Factory Defaults Press the Up arrow to make sure Yes is selected and press [ENTER] to accept the change Click Yes at the Warning message Save changes to BIOS and exit When prompted press [F1] to clear the TPM Login to Windows Launch tpm.msc      Click Yes if prompted by UAC Click on 'Clear TPM...' (if you get an error that this must be done manually, please reboot, login, and  skip to next step). When prompted click Restart      When prompted hit [F1] Login to Windows and copy the 9480 Firmware Update folder from \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic \OSD\HP TPM Firmware Update to C:\Temp To run the TPM Firmware Update tool and update the firmware of the TPM right click the update  application and choose Run as Administrator Click Yes Check the box and click Next      Click Next Click Update      Update process will run When update process has finished and you see the box for Restart computer click Close      Computer will restart Login to Windows and launch tpm.msc Click Yes if prompted by UAC Verify that the Manufacturer version is now at 4.43 Open the registry editor and set registry key 'HKLM\Software\Policies\Microsoft\TPM'  [REG_DWORD] 'OSManagedAuthLevel' back to what it was before you changed it in the first step Restart laptop and press [F10] to enter BIOS Change BIOS password back so that it is blank once again      Wednesday, December 20, 2017 3:04 PM DRAFT - THIS DOCUMENTATION PROVIDES THE STEPS TO UPDATE THE TPM FIRMWARE ON AN  840 G3 LAPTOP OR 800 G2 DESKTOP RUNNING THE WINDOWS 10 OPERATING SYSTEM ****THIS PROCEDURE CAN NOT BE COMPLETED ON A COMPUTER THAT IS ENCRYPTED, DO NOT  ATTEMPT THIS UPGRADE UNLESS THE COMPUTER HAS BEEN COMPLETELY DECRYPTED**** **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** BEFORE YOU BEGIN - Verify that you have flashed the BIOS on the computer you are working on to  the newest version available Copy the correct firmware update for the computer you are working on from ""\\gmaccm.com\applic \applic\OSD\HP TPM Firmware Update"" to c:\temp There should be 2 or 3 files in the folder you copied over, right click on the TPMConfig64.exe file and  choose Run as administrator      Click Yes Check the box to continue and click Next      The installer will prep the update Click Restart      After the computer reboot hit [F1] Hit [F1] again      TPM firmware will flash      Computer will reboot and come back up to the login screen      Installing Checkpoint 8.7.7 w/Authenticated Mode Wednesday, August 10, 2016 11:04 AM PRODUCTION - INSTALL THIS VERSION OF CHECKPOINT ON ALL WINDOWS 7 LAPTOPS (& DESKTOPS THAT REQUIRE  ENCRYPTION) **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** On the machine you are working on, copy the Checkpoint folder for Laptops or Desktops from \\Gmaccm.com\applic \APPLIC\FDE_77.20\Checkpoint_R77_Clients\Windows to c:\temp Click Start --> All Programs --> Accessories RIGHT CLICK ON THE COMMAND PROMPT AND CHOOSE RUN AS ADMINISTRATOR (**NOTE** The installer MUST be  run from an Administrator command prompt, if it is not run from an Administrator command prompt it will fail) I a Click Yes on the UAC prompt In the Command Prompt window input the following command and hit enter- For Laptops cd c:\temp\laptop\x64 For Desktops Cd c:\temp\desktop\x64 In the command prompt window input the following command and hit enter- msiexec.exe /i eps.msi /forcerestart      This will start the installer **NOTE** The installer may look like it has stalled out, please be patient and give it a couple of minutes to work When the installer is finished, you should see a screen that looks like this-      Click Finish and then when it asks to restart click Yes Once the system reboots login with your ADM account. In the Notification Area click on the Checkpoint icon. You can watch the status of Checkpoint as it checks in the server and downloads its policies. You want to see it say  Waiting For Restart. A box will appear in the bottom right hand corer of the screen. Click Yes to reboot the computer.    ","[41, 7, 72, 751]","[1166, 1189]","running Windows 10 running Windows 10 running Windows 10 running Windows 10 running Windows 10 running Windows 10 running Windows 10 running Windows 10 running Windows 10 running Windows 10   Monday, April 30, 2018 2:35 PM THIS DOCUMENTATION PROVIDES THE STEPS TO UPDATE THE TPM FIRMWARE ON A 9480M  LAPTOP RUNNING THE WINDOWS 10 OPERATING SYSTEM ****THIS PROCEDURE CAN NOT BE COMPLETED ON A COMPUTER THAT IS ENCRYPTED, DO NOT  ATTEMPT THIS UPGRADE UNLESS THE COMPUTER HAS BEEN COMPLETELY DECRYPTED**** **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** Set registry key 'HKLM\Software\Policies\Microsoft\TPM' [REG_DWORD] 'OSManagedAuthLevel' to  4  (Make note of what Auth level was set to as you need to change it back later on in this process) Make sure BIOS is up to date Reboot laptop and press [F10] to access the BIOS Under the Security tab click Setup BIOS Administrator Password      Enter 12345678 and hit [ENTER]      Repeat this step to confirm - Enter 12345678 and hit [ENTER] Scroll down and click on TPM Embedded Security Click Yes where it says TPM Reset to Factory Defaults Press the Up arrow to make sure Yes is selected and press [ENTER] to accept the change Click Yes at the Warning message Save changes to BIOS and exit When prompted press [F1] to clear the TPM Login to Windows Launch tpm.msc      Click Yes if prompted by UAC Click on 'Clear TPM...' (if you get an error that this must be done manually, please reboot, login, and  skip to next step). When prompted click Restart      When prompted hit [F1] Login to Windows and copy the 9480 Firmware Update folder from \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic \OSD\HP TPM Firmware Update to C:\Temp To run the TPM Firmware Update tool and update the firmware of the TPM right click the update  application and choose Run as Administrator Click Yes Check the box and click Next      Click Next Click Update      Update process will run When update process has finished and you see the box for Restart computer click Close      Computer will restart Login to Windows and launch tpm.msc Click Yes if prompted by UAC Verify that the Manufacturer version is now at 4.43 Open the registry editor and set registry key 'HKLM\Software\Policies\Microsoft\TPM'  [REG_DWORD] 'OSManagedAuthLevel' back to what it was before you changed it in the first step Restart laptop and press [F10] to enter BIOS Change BIOS password back so that it is blank once again      Wednesday, December 20, 2017 3:04 PM DRAFT - THIS DOCUMENTATION PROVIDES THE STEPS TO UPDATE THE TPM FIRMWARE ON AN  840 G3 LAPTOP OR 800 G2 DESKTOP RUNNING THE WINDOWS 10 OPERATING SYSTEM ****THIS PROCEDURE CAN NOT BE COMPLETED ON A COMPUTER THAT IS ENCRYPTED, DO NOT  ATTEMPT THIS UPGRADE UNLESS THE COMPUTER HAS BEEN COMPLETELY DECRYPTED**** **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** BEFORE YOU BEGIN - Verify that you have flashed the BIOS on the computer you are working on to  the newest version available Copy the correct firmware update for the computer you are working on from ""\\gmaccm.com\applic \applic\OSD\HP TPM Firmware Update"" to c:\temp There should be 2 or 3 files in the folder you copied over, right click on the TPMConfig64.exe file and  choose Run as administrator      Click Yes Check the box to continue and click Next      The installer will prep the update Click Restart      After the computer reboot hit [F1] Hit [F1] again      TPM firmware will flash      Computer will reboot and come back up to the login screen      Installing Checkpoint 8.7.7 w/Authenticated Mode Wednesday, August 10, 2016 11:04 AM PRODUCTION - INSTALL THIS VERSION OF CHECKPOINT ON ALL WINDOWS 7 LAPTOPS (& DESKTOPS THAT REQUIRE  ENCRYPTION) **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** On the machine you are working on, copy the Checkpoint folder for Laptops or Desktops from \\Gmaccm.com\applic \APPLIC\FDE_77.20\Checkpoint_R77_Clients\Windows to c:\temp Click Start --> All Programs --> Accessories RIGHT CLICK ON THE COMMAND PROMPT AND CHOOSE RUN AS ADMINISTRATOR (**NOTE** The installer MUST be  run from an Administrator command prompt, if it is not run from an Administrator command prompt it will fail) I a Click Yes on the UAC prompt In the Command Prompt window input the following command and hit enter- For Laptops cd c:\temp\laptop\x64 For Desktops Cd c:\temp\desktop\x64 In the command prompt window input the following command and hit enter- msiexec.exe /i eps.msi /forcerestart      This will start the installer **NOTE** The installer may look like it has stalled out, please be patient and give it a couple of minutes to work When the installer is finished, you should see a screen that looks like this-      Click Finish and then when it asks to restart click Yes Once the system reboots login with your ADM account. In the Notification Area click on the Checkpoint icon. You can watch the status of Checkpoint as it checks in the server and downloads its policies. You want to see it say  Waiting For Restart. A box will appear in the bottom right hand corer of the screen. Click Yes to reboot the computer.    ","run windows 10 run windows 10 run windows 10 run windows 10 run windows 10 run windows 10 run windows 10 run windows 10 run windows 10 run windows 10 monday, april 30, 2018 2:35 pm documentation provide step update tpm firmware 9480m laptop run windows 10 operate system ****this procedure complete computer encrypted, attempt upgrade unless computer completely decrypted**** **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** set registry key 'hklm\software\policies\microsoft\tpm' [reg_dword] 'osmanagedauthlevel' 4 (make note auth level set need change back later process) make sure bios date reboot laptop press [f10] access bios security tab click setup bios administrator password enter 12345678 hit [enter] repeat step confirm - enter 12345678 hit [enter] scroll click tpm embed security click yes say tpm reset factory default press arrow make sure yes select press [enter] accept change click yes warn message save change bios exit prompt press [f1] clear tpm login windows launch tpm.msc click yes prompt uac click 'clear tpm...' (if get error must do manually, please reboot, login, skip next step). prompt click restart prompt hit [f1] login windows copy 9480 firmware update folder \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic \osd\hp tpm firmware update c:\temp run tpm firmware update tool update firmware tpm right click update application choose run administrator click yes check box click next click next click update update process run update process finish see box restart computer click close computer restart login windows launch tpm.msc click yes prompt uac verify manufacturer version 4.43 open registry editor set registry key 'hklm\software\policies\microsoft\tpm' [reg_dword] 'osmanagedauthlevel' back change first step restart laptop press [f10] enter bios change bios password back blank wednesday, december 20, 2017 3:04 pm draft - documentation provide step update tpm firmware 840 g3 laptop 800 g2 desktop run windows 10 operate system ****this procedure complete computer encrypted, attempt upgrade unless computer completely decrypted**** **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** begin - verify flash bios computer work newest version available copy correct firmware update computer work ""\\gmaccm.com\applic \applic\osd\hp tpm firmware update"" c:\temp 2 3 file folder copy over, right click tpmconfig64.exe file choose run administrator click yes check box continue click next installer prep update click restart computer reboot hit [f1] hit [f1] tpm firmware flash computer reboot come back login screen instal checkpoint 8.7.7 w/authenticated mode wednesday, august 10, 2016 11:04 production - install version checkpoint windows 7 laptops (& desktops require encryption) **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** machine work on, copy checkpoint folder laptops desktops \\gmaccm.com\applic \applic\fde_77.20\checkpoint_r77_clients\windows c:\temp click start --> program --> accessories right click command prompt choose run administrator (**note** installer must run administrator command prompt, run administrator command prompt fail) click yes uac prompt command prompt window input follow command hit enter- laptops cd c:\temp\laptop\x64 desktops cd c:\temp\desktop\x64 command prompt window input follow command hit enter- msiexec.exe /i eps.msi /forcerestart start installer **note** installer may look like stall out, please patient give couple minutes work installer finished, see screen look like this- click finish ask restart click yes system reboot login adm account. notification area click checkpoint icon. watch status checkpoint check server download policies. want see say wait restart. box appear bottom right hand corer screen. click yes reboot computer.","running Windows 10 running Windows 10   Monday, April 30, 2018 2:35 PM THIS DOCUMENTATION PROVIDES THE STEPS TO UPDATE THE TPM FIRMWARE ON A 9480M  LAPTOP RUNNING THE WINDOWS 10 OPERATING SYSTEM ****THIS PROCEDURE CAN NOT BE COMPLETED ON A COMPUTER THAT IS ENCRYPTED, DO NOT  ATTEMPT THIS UPGRADE UNLESS THE COMPUTER HAS BEEN COMPLETELY DECRYPTED**** **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** Set registry key 'HKLM\Software\Policies\Microsoft\TPM' [REG_DWORD] 'OSManagedAuthLevel' to  4  (Make note of what Auth level was set to as you need to change it back later on in this process) Make sure BIOS is up to date Reboot laptop and press [F10] to access the BIOS Under the Security tab click Setup BIOS Administrator Password      Enter 12345678 and hit [ENTER]      Repeat this step to confirm - Enter 12345678 and hit [ENTER] Scroll down and click on TPM Embedded Security Click Yes where it says TPM Reset to Factory Defaults Press the Up arrow to make sure Yes is selected and press [ENTER] to accept the change Click Yes at the Warning message Save changes to BIOS and exit When prompted press [F1] to clear the TPM Login to Windows Launch tpm.msc      Click Yes if prompted by UAC Click on 'Clear TPM...' (if you get an error that this must be done manually, please reboot, login, and  skip to next step). When prompted click Restart      When prompted hit [F1] Login to Windows and copy the 9480 Firmware Update folder from \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic \OSD\HP TPM Firmware Update to C:\Temp To run the TPM Firmware Update tool and update the firmware of the TPM right click the update  application and choose Run as Administrator Click Yes Check the box and click Next      Click Next Click Update      Update process will run When update process has finished and you see the box for Restart computer click Close      Computer will restart Login to Windows and launch tpm.msc Click Yes if prompted by UAC Verify that the Manufacturer version is now at 4.43 Open the registry editor and set registry key 'HKLM\Software\Policies\Microsoft\TPM'  [REG_DWORD] 'OSManagedAuthLevel' back to what it was before you changed it in the first step Restart laptop and press [F10] to enter BIOS Change BIOS password back so that it is blank once again      Wednesday, December 20, 2017 3:04 PM DRAFT - THIS DOCUMENTATION PROVIDES THE STEPS TO UPDATE THE TPM FIRMWARE ON AN  840 G3 LAPTOP OR 800 G2 DESKTOP RUNNING THE WINDOWS 10 OPERATING SYSTEM ****THIS PROCEDURE CAN NOT BE COMPLETED ON A COMPUTER THAT IS ENCRYPTED, DO NOT  ATTEMPT THIS UPGRADE UNLESS THE COMPUTER HAS BEEN COMPLETELY DECRYPTED**** **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** BEFORE YOU BEGIN - Verify that you have flashed the BIOS on the computer you are working on to  the newest version available Copy the correct firmware update for the computer you are working on from ""\\gmaccm.com\applic \applic\OSD\HP TPM Firmware Update"" to c:\temp There should be 2 or 3 files in the folder you copied over, right click on the TPMConfig64.exe file and  choose Run as administrator      Click Yes Check the box to continue and click Next      The installer will prep the update Click Restart      After the computer reboot hit [F1] Hit [F1] again      TPM firmware will flash      Computer will reboot and come back up to the login screen      Installing Checkpoint 8.7.7 w/Authenticated Mode Wednesday, August 10, 2016 11:04 AM PRODUCTION - INSTALL THIS VERSION OF CHECKPOINT ON ALL WINDOWS 7 LAPTOPS (& DESKTOPS THAT REQUIRE  ENCRYPTION) **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** On the machine you are working on, copy the Checkpoint folder for Laptops or Desktops from \\Gmaccm.com\applic \APPLIC\FDE_77.20\Checkpoint_R77_Clients\Windows to c:\temp Click Start --> All Programs --> Accessories RIGHT CLICK ON THE COMMAND PROMPT AND CHOOSE RUN AS ADMINISTRATOR (**NOTE** The installer MUST be  run from an Administrator command prompt, if it is not run from an Administrator command prompt it will fail) I a Click Yes on the UAC prompt In the Command Prompt window input the following command and hit enter- For Laptops cd c:\temp\laptop\x64 For Desktops Cd c:\temp\desktop\x64 In the command prompt window input the following command and hit enter- msiexec.exe /i eps.msi /forcerestart      This will start the installer **NOTE** The installer may look like it has stalled out, please be patient and give it a couple of minutes to work When the installer is finished, you should see a screen that looks like this-      Click Finish and then when it asks to restart click Yes Once the system reboots login with your ADM account. In the Notification Area click on the Checkpoint icon. You can watch the status of Checkpoint as it checks in the server and downloads its policies. You want to see it say  Waiting For Restart. A box will appear in the bottom right hand corer of the screen. Click Yes to reboot the computer.    ","run windows 10 run windows 10 monday, april 30, 2018 2:35 pm documentation provide step update tpm firmware 9480m laptop run windows 10 operate system ****this procedure complete computer encrypted, attempt upgrade unless computer completely decrypted**** **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** set registry key 'hklm\software\policies\microsoft\tpm' [reg_dword] 'osmanagedauthlevel' 4 (make note auth level set need change back later process) make sure bios date reboot laptop press [f10] access bios security tab click setup bios administrator password enter 12345678 hit [enter] repeat step confirm - enter 12345678 hit [enter] scroll click tpm embed security click yes say tpm reset factory default press arrow make sure yes select press [enter] accept change click yes warn message save change bios exit prompt press [f1] clear tpm login windows launch tpm.msc click yes prompt uac click 'clear tpm...' (if get error must do manually, please reboot, login, skip next step). prompt click restart prompt hit [f1] login windows copy 9480 firmware update folder \\gmaccm.com\applic\applic \osd\hp tpm firmware update c:\temp run tpm firmware update tool update firmware tpm right click update application choose run administrator click yes check box click next click next click update update process run update process finish see box restart computer click close computer restart login windows launch tpm.msc click yes prompt uac verify manufacturer version 4.43 open registry editor set registry key 'hklm\software\policies\microsoft\tpm' [reg_dword] 'osmanagedauthlevel' back change first step restart laptop press [f10] enter bios change bios password back blank wednesday, december 20, 2017 3:04 pm draft - documentation provide step update tpm firmware 840 g3 laptop 800 g2 desktop run windows 10 operate system ****this procedure complete computer encrypted, attempt upgrade unless computer completely decrypted**** **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** begin - verify flash bios computer work newest version available copy correct firmware update computer work ""\\gmaccm.com\applic \applic\osd\hp tpm firmware update"" c:\temp 2 3 file folder copy over, right click tpmconfig64.exe file choose run administrator click yes check box continue click next installer prep update click restart computer reboot hit [f1] hit [f1] tpm firmware flash computer reboot come back login screen instal checkpoint 8.7.7 w/authenticated mode wednesday, august 10, 2016 11:04 production - install version checkpoint windows 7 laptops (& desktops require encryption) **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** machine work on, copy checkpoint folder laptops desktops \\gmaccm.com\applic \applic\fde_77.20\checkpoint_r77_clients\windows c:\temp click start --> program --> accessories right click command prompt choose run administrator (**note** installer must run administrator command prompt, run administrator command prompt fail) click yes uac prompt command prompt window input follow command hit enter- laptops cd c:\temp\laptop\x64 desktops cd c:\temp\desktop\x64 command prompt window input follow command hit enter- msiexec.exe /i eps.msi /forcerestart start installer **note** installer may look like stall out, please patient give couple minutes work installer finished, see screen look like this- click finish ask restart click yes system reboot login adm account. notification area click checkpoint icon. watch status checkpoint check server download policies. want see say wait restart. box appear bottom right hand corer screen. click yes reboot computer."
502,running Windows 7," Wednesday, December 20, 2017 3:02 PM DRAFT - THIS DOCUMENTATION PROVIDES THE STEPS TO UPDATE THE TPM FIRMWARE ON AN  840 G3 LAPTOP OR 800 G2 DESKTOP RUNNING THE WINDOWS 7 OPERATING SYSTEM ****THIS PROCEDURE CAN NOT BE COMPLETED ON A COMPUTER THAT IS ENCRYPTED, DO NOT  ATTEMPT THIS UPGRADE UNLESS THE COMPUTER HAS BEEN COMPLETELY DECRYPTED**** **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** BEFORE YOU BEGIN - Verify that you have flashed the BIOS on the computer you are working on to  the newest version available Copy the correct firmware update for the computer you are working on from ""\\gmaccm.com\applic \applic\OSD\HP TPM Firmware Update"" to c:\temp There should be 2 or 3 files in the folder you copied over, right click on the TPMConfig64.exe file and  choose Run as administrator      Click Yes on the UAC prompt Check the box to continue and click Next Click Next      The installer will create the recovery partition Click Restart      After the computer reboot hit [F1] Hit [f1] again      TPM firmware will flash      After computer reboots login with your ADM account If you launch Windows explorer you will see that the updater has created a new drive called  HP_TOOLS Launch the compmgmt.msc snap-in      On the left click on Disk Management Right click on HP_TOOLS and click Delete Volume      Click Yes Right click on the System drive (C:) and click Extend Volume Click Next      Click Next Click Finish      The system drive should now use all of the space once again    ","[72, 0, 72, 751]","[1156, 1165]","running Windows 7 running Windows 7 running Windows 7 running Windows 7 running Windows 7 running Windows 7 running Windows 7 running Windows 7 running Windows 7 running Windows 7   Wednesday, December 20, 2017 3:02 PM DRAFT - THIS DOCUMENTATION PROVIDES THE STEPS TO UPDATE THE TPM FIRMWARE ON AN  840 G3 LAPTOP OR 800 G2 DESKTOP RUNNING THE WINDOWS 7 OPERATING SYSTEM ****THIS PROCEDURE CAN NOT BE COMPLETED ON A COMPUTER THAT IS ENCRYPTED, DO NOT  ATTEMPT THIS UPGRADE UNLESS THE COMPUTER HAS BEEN COMPLETELY DECRYPTED**** **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** BEFORE YOU BEGIN - Verify that you have flashed the BIOS on the computer you are working on to  the newest version available Copy the correct firmware update for the computer you are working on from ""\\gmaccm.com\applic \applic\OSD\HP TPM Firmware Update"" to c:\temp There should be 2 or 3 files in the folder you copied over, right click on the TPMConfig64.exe file and  choose Run as administrator      Click Yes on the UAC prompt Check the box to continue and click Next Click Next      The installer will create the recovery partition Click Restart      After the computer reboot hit [F1] Hit [f1] again      TPM firmware will flash      After computer reboots login with your ADM account If you launch Windows explorer you will see that the updater has created a new drive called  HP_TOOLS Launch the compmgmt.msc snap-in      On the left click on Disk Management Right click on HP_TOOLS and click Delete Volume      Click Yes Right click on the System drive (C:) and click Extend Volume Click Next      Click Next Click Finish      The system drive should now use all of the space once again    ","run windows 7 run windows 7 run windows 7 run windows 7 run windows 7 run windows 7 run windows 7 run windows 7 run windows 7 run windows 7 wednesday, december 20, 2017 3:02 pm draft - documentation provide step update tpm firmware 840 g3 laptop 800 g2 desktop run windows 7 operate system ****this procedure complete computer encrypted, attempt upgrade unless computer completely decrypted**** **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** begin - verify flash bios computer work newest version available copy correct firmware update computer work ""\\gmaccm.com\applic \applic\osd\hp tpm firmware update"" c:\temp 2 3 file folder copy over, right click tpmconfig64.exe file choose run administrator click yes uac prompt check box continue click next click next installer create recovery partition click restart computer reboot hit [f1] hit [f1] tpm firmware flash computer reboot login adm account launch windows explorer see updater create new drive call hp_tools launch compmgmt.msc snap-in leave click disk management right click hp_tools click delete volume click yes right click system drive (c:) click extend volume click next click next click finish system drive use space","running Windows 7 running Windows 7   Wednesday, December 20, 2017 3:02 PM DRAFT - THIS DOCUMENTATION PROVIDES THE STEPS TO UPDATE THE TPM FIRMWARE ON AN  840 G3 LAPTOP OR 800 G2 DESKTOP RUNNING THE WINDOWS 7 OPERATING SYSTEM ****THIS PROCEDURE CAN NOT BE COMPLETED ON A COMPUTER THAT IS ENCRYPTED, DO NOT  ATTEMPT THIS UPGRADE UNLESS THE COMPUTER HAS BEEN COMPLETELY DECRYPTED**** **IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR ISSUES PLEASE CONTACT THE DESKTOP ENGINEERING TEAM** BEFORE YOU BEGIN - Verify that you have flashed the BIOS on the computer you are working on to  the newest version available Copy the correct firmware update for the computer you are working on from ""\\gmaccm.com\applic \applic\OSD\HP TPM Firmware Update"" to c:\temp There should be 2 or 3 files in the folder you copied over, right click on the TPMConfig64.exe file and  choose Run as administrator      Click Yes on the UAC prompt Check the box to continue and click Next Click Next      The installer will create the recovery partition Click Restart      After the computer reboot hit [F1] Hit [f1] again      TPM firmware will flash      After computer reboots login with your ADM account If you launch Windows explorer you will see that the updater has created a new drive called  HP_TOOLS Launch the compmgmt.msc snap-in      On the left click on Disk Management Right click on HP_TOOLS and click Delete Volume      Click Yes Right click on the System drive (C:) and click Extend Volume Click Next      Click Next Click Finish      The system drive should now use all of the space once again    ","run windows 7 run windows 7 wednesday, december 20, 2017 3:02 pm draft - documentation provide step update tpm firmware 840 g3 laptop 800 g2 desktop run windows 7 operate system ****this procedure complete computer encrypted, attempt upgrade unless computer completely decrypted**** **if question issue please contact desktop engineer team** begin - verify flash bios computer work newest version available copy correct firmware update computer work ""\\gmaccm.com\applic \applic\osd\hp tpm firmware update"" c:\temp 2 3 file folder copy over, right click tpmconfig64.exe file choose run administrator click yes uac prompt check box continue click next click next installer create recovery partition click restart computer reboot hit [f1] hit [f1] tpm firmware flash computer reboot login adm account launch windows explorer see updater create new drive call hp_tools launch compmgmt.msc snap-in leave click disk management right click hp_tools click delete volume click yes right click system drive (c:) click extend volume click next click next click finish system drive use space"
503,screen.,    ,"[72, 0, 79, 9]",[154],screen. screen. screen. screen. screen. screen. screen. screen. screen. screen.      ,screen. screen. screen. screen. screen. screen. screen. screen. screen. screen.,screen. screen.      ,screen. screen.
504,stepsOffice Addins," Tuesday, December 13, 2011 9:59 AM To apply the office addins for MS word and excel, please make sure that all office applications are  closed out. You will browse the local C drive depending if it's a Windows Xp machine you will go to C:\Program  Files\ApproveIt If the users pc is Windows 7 you will browse to C:\Program Files (x86)\ApproveIt Then click on the Support folder. Then click on Tools      Then run the ApproveItForOfficeSetup.exe What this executable will do is copy the templates into the office folders so that the addin's will  work in MS word and excel. On some machines you might get this prompt below.       \\ Just select  This program installed correctly. Then open up word and excel and confirm that the  addin's have appeared in the ribbon above.    ","[72, 0, 72, 779]","[383, 385]","stepsOffice Addins stepsOffice Addins stepsOffice Addins stepsOffice Addins stepsOffice Addins stepsOffice Addins stepsOffice Addins stepsOffice Addins stepsOffice Addins stepsOffice Addins   Tuesday, December 13, 2011 9:59 AM To apply the office addins for MS word and excel, please make sure that all office applications are  closed out. You will browse the local C drive depending if it's a Windows Xp machine you will go to C:\Program  Files\ApproveIt If the users pc is Windows 7 you will browse to C:\Program Files (x86)\ApproveIt Then click on the Support folder. Then click on Tools      Then run the ApproveItForOfficeSetup.exe What this executable will do is copy the templates into the office folders so that the addin's will  work in MS word and excel. On some machines you might get this prompt below.       \\ Just select  This program installed correctly. Then open up word and excel and confirm that the  addin's have appeared in the ribbon above.    ","stepsoffice addins stepsoffice addins stepsoffice addins stepsoffice addins stepsoffice addins stepsoffice addins stepsoffice addins stepsoffice addins stepsoffice addins stepsoffice addins tuesday, december 13, 2011 9:59 apply office addins ms word excel, please make sure office applications close out. browse local c drive depend windows xp machine go c:\program files\approveit users pc windows 7 browse c:\program file (x86)\approveit click support folder. click tool run approveitforofficesetup.exe executable copy templates office folders addin's work ms word excel. machine might get prompt below. \\ select program instal correctly. open word excel confirm addin's appear ribbon above.","stepsOffice Addins stepsOffice Addins   Tuesday, December 13, 2011 9:59 AM To apply the office addins for MS word and excel, please make sure that all office applications are  closed out. You will browse the local C drive depending if it's a Windows Xp machine you will go to C:\Program  Files\ApproveIt If the users pc is Windows 7 you will browse to C:\Program Files (x86)\ApproveIt Then click on the Support folder. Then click on Tools      Then run the ApproveItForOfficeSetup.exe What this executable will do is copy the templates into the office folders so that the addin's will  work in MS word and excel. On some machines you might get this prompt below.       \\ Just select  This program installed correctly. Then open up word and excel and confirm that the  addin's have appeared in the ribbon above.    ","stepsoffice addins stepsoffice addins tuesday, december 13, 2011 9:59 apply office addins ms word excel, please make sure office applications close out. browse local c drive depend windows xp machine go c:\program files\approveit users pc windows 7 browse c:\program file (x86)\approveit click support folder. click tool run approveitforofficesetup.exe executable copy templates office folders addin's work ms word excel. machine might get prompt below. \\ select program instal correctly. open word excel confirm addin's appear ribbon above."
505,take effect.," Sunday, May 22, 2016 7:20 PM Please Click My OneView Upon Clicking My OneView, you will automatically be logged into PeopleSoft HR via  Single Signon      Once logged into PeopleSoft HR, under All About Me / My Information – Click Personal  Information Summary hyper link You will have the option to update the following: Name Change (Click Change Name push button) Home / Mailing Address (Click Change Home/Mailing Address push button) Phone Number (Click Change Phone Number push button) Emergency Contact (Click Change Emergency Contact push button) Email Address (Click Change Email Address push button) Marital Status (Click Change Marital Status push button)      Marital Status (Click Change Marital Status push button)         ","[72, 0, 72, 717]","[190, 193]","take effect. take effect. take effect. take effect. take effect. take effect. take effect. take effect. take effect. take effect.   Sunday, May 22, 2016 7:20 PM Please Click My OneView Upon Clicking My OneView, you will automatically be logged into PeopleSoft HR via  Single Signon      Once logged into PeopleSoft HR, under All About Me / My Information – Click Personal  Information Summary hyper link You will have the option to update the following: Name Change (Click Change Name push button) Home / Mailing Address (Click Change Home/Mailing Address push button) Phone Number (Click Change Phone Number push button) Emergency Contact (Click Change Emergency Contact push button) Email Address (Click Change Email Address push button) Marital Status (Click Change Marital Status push button)      Marital Status (Click Change Marital Status push button)         ","take effect. take effect. take effect. take effect. take effect. take effect. take effect. take effect. take effect. take effect. sunday, may 22, 2016 7:20 pm please click oneview upon click oneview, automatically log peoplesoft hr via single signon log peoplesoft hr, / information – click personal information summary hyper link option update following: name change (click change name push button) home / mail address (click change home/mailing address push button) phone number (click change phone number push button) emergency contact (click change emergency contact push button) email address (click change email address push button) marital status (click change marital status push button) marital status (click change marital status push button)","take effect. take effect.   Sunday, May 22, 2016 7:20 PM Please Click My OneView Upon Clicking My OneView, you will automatically be logged into PeopleSoft HR via  Single Signon      Once logged into PeopleSoft HR, under All About Me / My Information – Click Personal  Information Summary hyper link You will have the option to update the following: Name Change (Click Change Name push button) Home / Mailing Address (Click Change Home/Mailing Address push button) Phone Number (Click Change Phone Number push button) Emergency Contact (Click Change Emergency Contact push button) Email Address (Click Change Email Address push button) Marital Status (Click Change Marital Status push button)      Marital Status (Click Change Marital Status push button)         ","take effect. take effect. sunday, may 22, 2016 7:20 pm please click oneview upon click oneview, automatically log peoplesoft hr via single signon log peoplesoft hr, / information – click personal information summary hyper link option update following: name change (click change name push button) home / mail address (click change home/mailing address push button) phone number (click change phone number push button) emergency contact (click change emergency contact push button) email address (click change email address push button) marital status (click change marital status push button) marital status (click change marital status push button)"
506,the attachment to: **********fax.berkadia.com," Friday, October 31, 2014 10:22 AM      Wednesday, June 03, 2015 1:49 PM This covers Ambler, if your user is in another office let me know and I’ll what’s set up. There are no NETP  names anymore at least in Ambler, so the PAxxxx name is the same for McCracken. Device      Type        Text                               PA5058      3812        3RD FLR 172.20.8.11 XEROX PRINTER PA5059      3812        2ND FLR 172.20.7.137 XEROX PRINTER' PA5060      3812        3RD FLR 172.20.8.12 XEROX PRINTER PA5062      3812        2ND FLR 172.20.7.138 XEROX PRINTER' PA5070      3812        2ND FLR 172.20.7.135 XEROX PRINTER'    ","[71, 0, 72, 9]","[1089, 1090]","the attachment to: **********fax.berkadia.com the attachment to: **********fax.berkadia.com the attachment to: **********fax.berkadia.com the attachment to: **********fax.berkadia.com the attachment to: **********fax.berkadia.com the attachment to: **********fax.berkadia.com the attachment to: **********fax.berkadia.com the attachment to: **********fax.berkadia.com the attachment to: **********fax.berkadia.com the attachment to: **********fax.berkadia.com   Friday, October 31, 2014 10:22 AM      Wednesday, June 03, 2015 1:49 PM This covers Ambler, if your user is in another office let me know and I’ll what’s set up. There are no NETP  names anymore at least in Ambler, so the PAxxxx name is the same for McCracken. Device      Type        Text                               PA5058      3812        3RD FLR 172.20.8.11 XEROX PRINTER PA5059      3812        2ND FLR 172.20.7.137 XEROX PRINTER' PA5060      3812        3RD FLR 172.20.8.12 XEROX PRINTER PA5062      3812        2ND FLR 172.20.7.138 XEROX PRINTER' PA5070      3812        2ND FLR 172.20.7.135 XEROX PRINTER'    ","attachment to: **********fax.berkadia.com attachment to: **********fax.berkadia.com attachment to: **********fax.berkadia.com attachment to: **********fax.berkadia.com attachment to: **********fax.berkadia.com attachment to: **********fax.berkadia.com attachment to: **********fax.berkadia.com attachment to: **********fax.berkadia.com attachment to: **********fax.berkadia.com attachment to: **********fax.berkadia.com friday, october 31, 2014 10:22 wednesday, june 03, 2015 1:49 pm cover ambler, user another office let know i’ll what’s set up. netp name anymore least ambler, paxxxx name mccracken. device type text pa5058 3812 3rd flr 172.20.8.11 xerox printer pa5059 3812 2nd flr 172.20.7.137 xerox printer' pa5060 3812 3rd flr 172.20.8.12 xerox printer pa5062 3812 2nd flr 172.20.7.138 xerox printer' pa5070 3812 2nd flr 172.20.7.135 xerox printer'","the attachment to: **********fax.berkadia.com the attachment to: **********fax.berkadia.com   Friday, October 31, 2014 10:22 AM      Wednesday, June 03, 2015 1:49 PM This covers Ambler, if your user is in another office let me know and I’ll what’s set up. There are no NETP  names anymore at least in Ambler, so the PAxxxx name is the same for McCracken. Device      Type        Text                               PA5058      3812        3RD FLR 172.20.8.11 XEROX PRINTER PA5059      3812        2ND FLR 172.20.7.137 XEROX PRINTER' PA5060      3812        3RD FLR 172.20.8.12 XEROX PRINTER PA5062      3812        2ND FLR 172.20.7.138 XEROX PRINTER' PA5070      3812        2ND FLR 172.20.7.135 XEROX PRINTER'    ","attachment to: **********fax.berkadia.com attachment to: **********fax.berkadia.com friday, october 31, 2014 10:22 wednesday, june 03, 2015 1:49 pm cover ambler, user another office let know i’ll what’s set up. netp name anymore least ambler, paxxxx name mccracken. device type text pa5058 3812 3rd flr 172.20.8.11 xerox printer pa5059 3812 2nd flr 172.20.7.137 xerox printer' pa5060 3812 3rd flr 172.20.8.12 xerox printer pa5062 3812 2nd flr 172.20.7.138 xerox printer' pa5070 3812 2nd flr 172.20.7.135 xerox printer'"
507,the job(s) from the printer itself. This process ,"16. The first time you attempt to send a print job to the Konica, it should generate a  small box prompting for the “Document ID” and “Password.” I usually test this by  printing the google.com home page through Safari or Chrome. Enter the  username in the Document ID (in my case – tsieber) and then select a password (I  chose a 6 digit pin). You can check the box to save settings so you’ll no longer be  prompted going forward.    ","[70, 0, 78, 9]",[579],"the job(s) from the printer itself. This process  the job(s) from the printer itself. This process  the job(s) from the printer itself. This process  the job(s) from the printer itself. This process  the job(s) from the printer itself. This process  the job(s) from the printer itself. This process  the job(s) from the printer itself. This process  the job(s) from the printer itself. This process  the job(s) from the printer itself. This process  the job(s) from the printer itself. This process   16. The first time you attempt to send a print job to the Konica, it should generate a  small box prompting for the “Document ID” and “Password.” I usually test this by  printing the google.com home page through Safari or Chrome. Enter the  username in the Document ID (in my case – tsieber) and then select a password (I  chose a 6 digit pin). You can check the box to save settings so you’ll no longer be  prompted going forward.    ","job(s) printer itself. process job(s) printer itself. process job(s) printer itself. process job(s) printer itself. process job(s) printer itself. process job(s) printer itself. process job(s) printer itself. process job(s) printer itself. process job(s) printer itself. process job(s) printer itself. process 16. first time attempt send print job konica, generate small box prompt “document id” “password.” usually test print google.com home page safari chrome. enter username document id (in case – tsieber) select password (i choose 6 digit pin). check box save settings you’ll longer prompt go forward.","the job(s) from the printer itself. This process  the job(s) from the printer itself. This process   16. The first time you attempt to send a print job to the Konica, it should generate a  small box prompting for the “Document ID” and “Password.” I usually test this by  printing the google.com home page through Safari or Chrome. Enter the  username in the Document ID (in my case – tsieber) and then select a password (I  chose a 6 digit pin). You can check the box to save settings so you’ll no longer be  prompted going forward.    ","job(s) printer itself. process job(s) printer itself. process 16. first time attempt send print job konica, generate small box prompt “document id” “password.” usually test print google.com home page safari chrome. enter username document id (in case – tsieber) select password (i choose 6 digit pin). check box save settings you’ll longer prompt go forward."
508,the newer Konica units.,"1. From the Konica’s main screen, select Secure Print.     2. Enter the Document ID and password you selected in prior steps and press Ok.     3. The pages of the print job will show up. Select  the pages you want to print, select “Print” on the  right side of the menu, then press the Start button at the bottom.         ","[72, 0, 55, 259]","[1119, 1122]","the newer Konica units. the newer Konica units. the newer Konica units. the newer Konica units. the newer Konica units. the newer Konica units. the newer Konica units. the newer Konica units. the newer Konica units. the newer Konica units.  1. From the Konica’s main screen, select Secure Print.     2. Enter the Document ID and password you selected in prior steps and press Ok.     3. The pages of the print job will show up. Select  the pages you want to print, select “Print” on the  right side of the menu, then press the Start button at the bottom.         ","newer konica units. newer konica units. newer konica units. newer konica units. newer konica units. newer konica units. newer konica units. newer konica units. newer konica units. newer konica units. 1. konica’s main screen, select secure print. 2. enter document id password select prior step press ok. 3. page print job show up. select page want print, select “print” right side menu, press start button bottom.","the newer Konica units. the newer Konica units.  1. From the Konica’s main screen, select Secure Print.     2. Enter the Document ID and password you selected in prior steps and press Ok.     3. The pages of the print job will show up. Select  the pages you want to print, select “Print” on the  right side of the menu, then press the Start button at the bottom.         ","newer konica units. newer konica units. 1. konica’s main screen, select secure print. 2. enter document id password select prior step press ok. 3. page print job show up. select page want print, select “print” right side menu, press start button bottom."
509,the screen.,    ,"[72, 0, 79, 9]",[150],the screen. the screen. the screen. the screen. the screen. the screen. the screen. the screen. the screen. the screen.      ,screen. screen. screen. screen. screen. screen. screen. screen. screen. screen.,the screen. the screen.      ,screen. screen.
510,their signature file. After IE10 was rolled out if a user clicks browse ," Initially after a fresh install of Approve IT, or if Internet Explorer has  been reset, you may find yourself needing to perform a fix in the  registry. You'll know this is necessary if the user tries to approve an  item within EPM (eforms) and they are prompted to Browse to find  and selects their signature file from EPM and attempts to sign  electronically they will typically see an error 1027/1027. Monday, June 15, 2015 9:54 AM 1. 2. First you'll need to open regedit with your admin credentials on the  problem computer. You can type ""regedit"" in the the start menu search box  and then shift + right click on regedit when it shows up. Once regedit is open click on ""Edit"" then ""Find"" in the upper left hand  corner. Type ""capturefile"" and then ""find next."" 3. You'll need to doubleclick and edit the data value field of items labeled ""CaptureFile.""  Type/paste the correct path of where their signature file is stored in the data value field.  (ie  H:\JohnDoe.cps) 4. Press F3 to continue searching the registry for additional entries keeping in mind that you should  NOT edit anything besides items listed as ""CaptureFile"" as seen above. Most computers will have  4-5 entries that need to be edited. CAPTUREFILE You'll see this when you're complete: capturefile 5. Close regedit, close  ALL Internet Explorer windows, attempt to approve the same item again. DO NOT click browse before clicking Approve. The user most likely will have to close the window   and retype everything if that happens.    ","[59, 3, 418, 716]",[395],"their signature file. After IE10 was rolled out if a user clicks browse  their signature file. After IE10 was rolled out if a user clicks browse  their signature file. After IE10 was rolled out if a user clicks browse  their signature file. After IE10 was rolled out if a user clicks browse  their signature file. After IE10 was rolled out if a user clicks browse  their signature file. After IE10 was rolled out if a user clicks browse  their signature file. After IE10 was rolled out if a user clicks browse  their signature file. After IE10 was rolled out if a user clicks browse  their signature file. After IE10 was rolled out if a user clicks browse  their signature file. After IE10 was rolled out if a user clicks browse    Initially after a fresh install of Approve IT, or if Internet Explorer has  been reset, you may find yourself needing to perform a fix in the  registry. You'll know this is necessary if the user tries to approve an  item within EPM (eforms) and they are prompted to Browse to find  and selects their signature file from EPM and attempts to sign  electronically they will typically see an error 1027/1027. Monday, June 15, 2015 9:54 AM 1. 2. First you'll need to open regedit with your admin credentials on the  problem computer. You can type ""regedit"" in the the start menu search box  and then shift + right click on regedit when it shows up. Once regedit is open click on ""Edit"" then ""Find"" in the upper left hand  corner. Type ""capturefile"" and then ""find next."" 3. You'll need to doubleclick and edit the data value field of items labeled ""CaptureFile.""  Type/paste the correct path of where their signature file is stored in the data value field.  (ie  H:\JohnDoe.cps) 4. Press F3 to continue searching the registry for additional entries keeping in mind that you should  NOT edit anything besides items listed as ""CaptureFile"" as seen above. Most computers will have  4-5 entries that need to be edited. CAPTUREFILE You'll see this when you're complete: capturefile 5. Close regedit, close  ALL Internet Explorer windows, attempt to approve the same item again. DO NOT click browse before clicking Approve. The user most likely will have to close the window   and retype everything if that happens.    ","signature file. ie10 roll user click browse signature file. ie10 roll user click browse signature file. ie10 roll user click browse signature file. ie10 roll user click browse signature file. ie10 roll user click browse signature file. ie10 roll user click browse signature file. ie10 roll user click browse signature file. ie10 roll user click browse signature file. ie10 roll user click browse signature file. ie10 roll user click browse initially fresh install approve it, internet explorer reset, may find need perform fix registry. know necessary user try approve item within epm (eforms) prompt browse find select signature file epm attempt sign electronically typically see error 1027/1027. monday, june 15, 2015 9:54 1. 2. first need open regedit admin credentials problem computer. type ""regedit"" start menu search box shift + right click regedit show up. regedit open click ""edit"" ""find"" upper leave hand corner. type ""capturefile"" ""find next."" 3. need doubleclick edit data value field items label ""capturefile."" type/paste correct path signature file store data value field. (ie h:\johndoe.cps) 4. press f3 continue search registry additional entries keep mind edit anything besides items list ""capturefile"" see above. computers 4-5 entries need edited. capturefile see complete: capturefile 5. close regedit, close internet explorer windows, attempt approve item again. click browse click approve. user likely close window retype everything happens.","their signature file. After IE10 was rolled out if a user clicks browse  their signature file. After IE10 was rolled out if a user clicks browse    Initially after a fresh install of Approve IT, or if Internet Explorer has  been reset, you may find yourself needing to perform a fix in the  registry. You'll know this is necessary if the user tries to approve an  item within EPM (eforms) and they are prompted to Browse to find  and selects their signature file from EPM and attempts to sign  electronically they will typically see an error 1027/1027. Monday, June 15, 2015 9:54 AM 1. 2. First you'll need to open regedit with your admin credentials on the  problem computer. You can type ""regedit"" in the the start menu search box  and then shift + right click on regedit when it shows up. Once regedit is open click on ""Edit"" then ""Find"" in the upper left hand  corner. Type ""capturefile"" and then ""find next."" 3. You'll need to doubleclick and edit the data value field of items labeled ""CaptureFile.""  Type/paste the correct path of where their signature file is stored in the data value field.  (ie  H:\JohnDoe.cps) 4. Press F3 to continue searching the registry for additional entries keeping in mind that you should  NOT edit anything besides items listed as ""CaptureFile"" as seen above. Most computers will have  4-5 entries that need to be edited. CAPTUREFILE You'll see this when you're complete: capturefile 5. Close regedit, close  ALL Internet Explorer windows, attempt to approve the same item again. DO NOT click browse before clicking Approve. The user most likely will have to close the window   and retype everything if that happens.    ","signature file. ie10 roll user click browse signature file. ie10 roll user click browse initially fresh install approve it, internet explorer reset, may find need perform fix registry. know necessary user try approve item within epm (eforms) prompt browse find select signature file epm attempt sign electronically typically see error 1027/1027. monday, june 15, 2015 9:54 1. 2. first need open regedit admin credentials problem computer. type ""regedit"" start menu search box shift + right click regedit show up. regedit open click ""edit"" ""find"" upper leave hand corner. type ""capturefile"" ""find next."" 3. need doubleclick edit data value field items label ""capturefile."" type/paste correct path signature file store data value field. (ie h:\johndoe.cps) 4. press f3 continue search registry additional entries keep mind edit anything besides items list ""capturefile"" see above. computers 4-5 entries need edited. capturefile see complete: capturefile 5. close regedit, close internet explorer windows, attempt approve item again. click browse click approve. user likely close window retype everything happens."
511,units.,"1. From the Konica’s main screen, select Secure Print. 2. Enter the Document ID and password you selected in prior steps and press Ok.     3. The pages of the print job will show up. Select  the pages you want to print, select  “Print” on the right side of the menu, then press the Start button at the bottom.         ","[70, 0, 70, 669]","[580, 582]","units. units. units. units. units. units. units. units. units. units.  1. From the Konica’s main screen, select Secure Print. 2. Enter the Document ID and password you selected in prior steps and press Ok.     3. The pages of the print job will show up. Select  the pages you want to print, select  “Print” on the right side of the menu, then press the Start button at the bottom.         ","units. units. units. units. units. units. units. units. units. units. 1. konica’s main screen, select secure print. 2. enter document id password select prior step press ok. 3. page print job show up. select page want print, select “print” right side menu, press start button bottom.","units. units.  1. From the Konica’s main screen, select Secure Print. 2. Enter the Document ID and password you selected in prior steps and press Ok.     3. The pages of the print job will show up. Select  the pages you want to print, select  “Print” on the right side of the menu, then press the Start button at the bottom.         ","units. units. 1. konica’s main screen, select secure print. 2. enter document id password select prior step press ok. 3. page print job show up. select page want print, select “print” right side menu, press start button bottom."
512,"user or ""reimage"" to resolve a major technical difficulty. "," See ""Installing mac OS Sierra"" for further instructions on installation Power up MacBook Login using ""macadmin"" account. The password will be  the old local admin password. If you are unaware of what that is,  please contact your team lead.Scenario A: Select the Apple menu in the upper left hand corner, then select System Preferences. Select Centrify icon      Select Centrify Join Assistant Proceed through intermediate menu. You may need to select continue depending on version installed. You'll then see a  section labeled  “leaving this domain.” Enter your adm username in the Active Directory Username field. Enter your  current adm password in the Active Directory Password Field. Select ""Remove Computer Object in Active Directory"",  then select leave. This process may take a few minutes to complete. Once finished, you'll see a confirmation page. Shutdown the MacBook Plug in charger Insert Imaging drive While Holding down the option key, press and hold the power button for 3-5 seconds and release only the power button.       Continue holding the option key until you see a choice of boot options. Select “Install macOS High Sierra. Select Language->      Select Disk Utility->Continue Select Macintosh HD under the internal hard drive section in the upper left hand corner of Disk Utility->Select Erase '○ Enter ""Macintosh HD"" as the partition name, select Mac OS Extended (Journaled) as the Format. (This disk will  automatically be upgraded to APFS during High Sierra installation)      When drive formatting is complete, Select Done, then close the open window. The drive is now prepped to install macOS. The last step is deleting any computer objects for the Mac under your SCCM  console. You can then select ""Install macOS"" on the prior window if you're ready to proceed.      See ""Installing mac OS Sierra"" for further instructions on installation    ","[63, 2, 63, 459]","[513, 518]","user or ""reimage"" to resolve a major technical difficulty.  user or ""reimage"" to resolve a major technical difficulty.  user or ""reimage"" to resolve a major technical difficulty.  user or ""reimage"" to resolve a major technical difficulty.  user or ""reimage"" to resolve a major technical difficulty.  user or ""reimage"" to resolve a major technical difficulty.  user or ""reimage"" to resolve a major technical difficulty.  user or ""reimage"" to resolve a major technical difficulty.  user or ""reimage"" to resolve a major technical difficulty.  user or ""reimage"" to resolve a major technical difficulty.    See ""Installing mac OS Sierra"" for further instructions on installation Power up MacBook Login using ""macadmin"" account. The password will be  the old local admin password. If you are unaware of what that is,  please contact your team lead.Scenario A: Select the Apple menu in the upper left hand corner, then select System Preferences. Select Centrify icon      Select Centrify Join Assistant Proceed through intermediate menu. You may need to select continue depending on version installed. You'll then see a  section labeled  “leaving this domain.” Enter your adm username in the Active Directory Username field. Enter your  current adm password in the Active Directory Password Field. Select ""Remove Computer Object in Active Directory"",  then select leave. This process may take a few minutes to complete. Once finished, you'll see a confirmation page. Shutdown the MacBook Plug in charger Insert Imaging drive While Holding down the option key, press and hold the power button for 3-5 seconds and release only the power button.       Continue holding the option key until you see a choice of boot options. Select “Install macOS High Sierra. Select Language->      Select Disk Utility->Continue Select Macintosh HD under the internal hard drive section in the upper left hand corner of Disk Utility->Select Erase '○ Enter ""Macintosh HD"" as the partition name, select Mac OS Extended (Journaled) as the Format. (This disk will  automatically be upgraded to APFS during High Sierra installation)      When drive formatting is complete, Select Done, then close the open window. The drive is now prepped to install macOS. The last step is deleting any computer objects for the Mac under your SCCM  console. You can then select ""Install macOS"" on the prior window if you're ready to proceed.      See ""Installing mac OS Sierra"" for further instructions on installation    ","user ""reimage"" resolve major technical difficulty. user ""reimage"" resolve major technical difficulty. user ""reimage"" resolve major technical difficulty. user ""reimage"" resolve major technical difficulty. user ""reimage"" resolve major technical difficulty. user ""reimage"" resolve major technical difficulty. user ""reimage"" resolve major technical difficulty. user ""reimage"" resolve major technical difficulty. user ""reimage"" resolve major technical difficulty. user ""reimage"" resolve major technical difficulty. see ""installing mac os sierra"" instructions installation power macbook login use ""macadmin"" account. password old local admin password. unaware is, please contact team lead.scenario a: select apple menu upper leave hand corner, select system preferences. select centrify icon select centrify join assistant proceed intermediate menu. may need select continue depend version installed. see section label “leaving domain.” enter adm username active directory username field. enter current adm password active directory password field. select ""remove computer object active directory"", select leave. process may take minutes complete. finished, see confirmation page. shutdown macbook plug charger insert image drive hold option key, press hold power button 3-5 second release power button. continue hold option key see choice boot options. select “install macos high sierra. select language-> select disk utility->continue select macintosh hd internal hard drive section upper leave hand corner disk utility->select erase '○ enter ""macintosh hd"" partition name, select mac os extend (journaled) format. (this disk automatically upgrade apfs high sierra installation) drive format complete, select done, close open window. drive prepped install macos. last step delete computer object mac sccm console. select ""install macos"" prior window ready proceed. see ""installing mac os sierra"" instructions installation","user or ""reimage"" to resolve a major technical difficulty.  user or ""reimage"" to resolve a major technical difficulty.    See ""Installing mac OS Sierra"" for further instructions on installation Power up MacBook Login using ""macadmin"" account. The password will be  the old local admin password. If you are unaware of what that is,  please contact your team lead.Scenario A: Select the Apple menu in the upper left hand corner, then select System Preferences. Select Centrify icon      Select Centrify Join Assistant Proceed through intermediate menu. You may need to select continue depending on version installed. You'll then see a  section labeled  “leaving this domain.” Enter your adm username in the Active Directory Username field. Enter your  current adm password in the Active Directory Password Field. Select ""Remove Computer Object in Active Directory"",  then select leave. This process may take a few minutes to complete. Once finished, you'll see a confirmation page. Shutdown the MacBook Plug in charger Insert Imaging drive While Holding down the option key, press and hold the power button for 3-5 seconds and release only the power button.       Continue holding the option key until you see a choice of boot options. Select “Install macOS High Sierra. Select Language->      Select Disk Utility->Continue Select Macintosh HD under the internal hard drive section in the upper left hand corner of Disk Utility->Select Erase '○ Enter ""Macintosh HD"" as the partition name, select Mac OS Extended (Journaled) as the Format. (This disk will  automatically be upgraded to APFS during High Sierra installation)      When drive formatting is complete, Select Done, then close the open window. The drive is now prepped to install macOS. The last step is deleting any computer objects for the Mac under your SCCM  console. You can then select ""Install macOS"" on the prior window if you're ready to proceed.      See ""Installing mac OS Sierra"" for further instructions on installation    ","user ""reimage"" resolve major technical difficulty. user ""reimage"" resolve major technical difficulty. see ""installing mac os sierra"" instructions installation power macbook login use ""macadmin"" account. password old local admin password. unaware is, please contact team lead.scenario a: select apple menu upper leave hand corner, select system preferences. select centrify icon select centrify join assistant proceed intermediate menu. may need select continue depend version installed. see section label “leaving domain.” enter adm username active directory username field. enter current adm password active directory password field. select ""remove computer object active directory"", select leave. process may take minutes complete. finished, see confirmation page. shutdown macbook plug charger insert image drive hold option key, press hold power button 3-5 second release power button. continue hold option key see choice boot options. select “install macos high sierra. select language-> select disk utility->continue select macintosh hd internal hard drive section upper leave hand corner disk utility->select erase '○ enter ""macintosh hd"" partition name, select mac os extend (journaled) format. (this disk automatically upgrade apfs high sierra installation) drive format complete, select done, close open window. drive prepped install macos. last step delete computer object mac sccm console. select ""install macos"" prior window ready proceed. see ""installing mac os sierra"" instructions installation"
513,waseawsgw.gmaccm.com ," Thursday, April 09, 2015 9:51 AM    ","[72, 0, 79, 9]",[804],"waseawsgw.gmaccm.com  waseawsgw.gmaccm.com  waseawsgw.gmaccm.com  waseawsgw.gmaccm.com  waseawsgw.gmaccm.com  waseawsgw.gmaccm.com  waseawsgw.gmaccm.com  waseawsgw.gmaccm.com  waseawsgw.gmaccm.com  waseawsgw.gmaccm.com    Thursday, April 09, 2015 9:51 AM    ","waseawsgw.gmaccm.com waseawsgw.gmaccm.com waseawsgw.gmaccm.com waseawsgw.gmaccm.com waseawsgw.gmaccm.com waseawsgw.gmaccm.com waseawsgw.gmaccm.com waseawsgw.gmaccm.com waseawsgw.gmaccm.com waseawsgw.gmaccm.com thursday, april 09, 2015 9:51","waseawsgw.gmaccm.com  waseawsgw.gmaccm.com    Thursday, April 09, 2015 9:51 AM    ","waseawsgw.gmaccm.com waseawsgw.gmaccm.com thursday, april 09, 2015 9:51"
